rt USERNAME: i dm megy to much. i should stop. 

USERNAME dont send it to sg. it won't make it. whatever you do don't send through regular mail! sayang mitch's mum just went to sg 

USERNAME that's a god point! :s i'm realy nervous now :s and i have a lot of questions  oh!! hahaha :s

USERNAME haha,  what isn't faty? :p

USERNAME  was joking anyway gay boy x

being sick is mesing with my taste buds &amp; apetite.  ordered al this fod and now i'm not hungry.  

want my princes home... 

izinin please god 

USERNAME eres un crack! :p

USERNAME i mis you 

USERNAME oh realy? justin bieber has more swag than u :p

nuh yuh? lol :p rt USERNAME: who? rt USERNAME: dwrcl a swear dah gyal deh deh pon coke. lol !  :p

iam sory haria  rtUSERNAME hopeles bneran

i mised breakfast wit USERNAME and USERNAME  i wanted bots n kimos!!

USERNAME  omg so me david and rojo are gona side project an acoustic band :p to show of my singing skils :&gt; lol

i realy wana go out today :/ but if i do i don't get my 3 day wekend 

it doesn't fel like it did yesterday  #imfrezing

the fuck is this, i've had under four hours of slep and i just woke up. 

USERNAME   perk up and hopefuly everything wil go smothly.  it's never fun geting poked at the dr.'s ofice.

i dont like going skol i get so much homework i have no fre time ! gota work hard :p

#10factsaboutme 1. i'm having a tough time coming up with facts 

USERNAME i haz a question. :p if someone wanted to be signed to a record label, what would they have to do?

that had to be worst dream my brain could ever posibly think .of. i literaly woke up crying. don't even want to go back to slep 

USERNAME URL - garden pests, mildew, fungus... my por plants' problems are humongous! 

USERNAME  hope you start feling beter son.

big eater today. breakfast: dry 'banmien', lunch: chicken claypot + pan cakes, diner: chicken chop + chese fries and i'm stil hungry :p

my hair  i dont like it anymore .. it just doesn't lok the same

tears in my eyes rt USERNAME: realy? rt USERNAME: you make me cry  rt USERNAME: i don't believe you rt USERNAME: i

USERNAME oh yeah, i kep forgeting that my car isn't the only one with a mind of its own :p; sems cars in saudi are also depraved :p

USERNAME ya no union  it's a tiny private doc surgery, she is the receptionist, part time around her uni

i'm not hapy' 

USERNAME dayum 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME tok a god hour and a half nap, woke up with my alergies acting up  stupid polen, i fel like crap now!

USERNAME lol then you know the answer to your question. :p

USERNAME ? you okay, love? 

i am bored and hungry 

not going to lie. feling prety shit at this point 

USERNAME christmas? woah that's a while back haha :p

my last twet 

i wish i could 'rock red lipstick', but unfortunately i lok terible in it  rt USERNAME USERNAME thanks hun..=p red is hot...

USERNAME is that the limited time ofer plan which is like $40/month? ugh my plan is prety swet right now minus the 50mb of data 

sad a litle 

two days again i'm back to schol 

it's rainin' its pourin'!! :p

oh lordy, my bikini doesn't fit me any more 

USERNAME i have a feling you and beca (being biger alchies than me obv) wil steal al my drink 

louboutin why you mean to my fet?? 

USERNAME swetheart!...for me even the brands that u ve already used are expensive to...that told me whats ur defn of minimum! :p

in the waiting queue  slepy as hel

toto bit my face 

USERNAME but its u.s. only :p

and gues what? USERNAME didnt awsered me again  and i always make questions mimimi

USERNAME yup! continue to fail :p

just tried to save my gold fish life...  

USERNAME haha.cuz i like to know those things one.shsh :p so you started ur fyp ady? i mean continue doing.lol

hahahaha i just loked at my timeline..everybody talkin about the game i'm the only one talking about ice cream..i fel kinda lame 

USERNAME your server is giving a &quot;408 request time-out&quot; eror on user signup 

USERNAME im bored 

should not watch sky news 

its no ned 2 slep with the window open n the fan on blast... my rom mate be kiling me at night 

i mis you 

USERNAME me to 

if i go to slep now i'm gon have tl wake up at 4:30 again to get my princes ready to leave!!!  #notwining

my knight in shining armor is not living up to it. prety bumed about it realy 

USERNAME i'm just trying to get them al done just now but i know they'l prob be wrong  lol

USERNAME i hope you said 'fuck you ashole' in an american acent :p

USERNAME what's wrong budy? 

USERNAME haha wherever crusty's concerned i realy don't care :p

USERNAME i don't know, it kinda scared me hon  and whatever!

rt USERNAME: my girlfriend always laughed during sex...... no mater what she was reading 

c'mon people, whose that one folower who tok their folow away leaving USERNAME at 9 folowers? :p not col at al :p

why does the red line almost always have to smel like urine?  #ctaisnotyourbathrom

USERNAME what hapened?! 

USERNAME yeah yeah :p  so how r ya hun

USERNAME hi!!!! i want to know if for the 6,7th and 8th of may fightstar wil be for london touching!xd from spain a kis!!! :p

just found my back scratcher! ur in my arms again 

USERNAME USERNAME .... just wishing i was 18, or had fake id  lol sad times

such a beautiful day outside and i got no #maryjane   USERNAME neds to wake the fuck up and hola at me!

&quot;you wouldn't use condoms for a tity-fuck&quot; lmao! such a shame that life &amp; times of tim is of the air. 

USERNAME stil hasnt noticed me after one hundred &amp; twenty two twets about #imafish ..  now one hundred &amp; twenty thre :/

bastarding blody stomach bug. please send jokes and sympathies 

thought my hair would be longer by the time poly starts. only afew inches below shoulder now 

USERNAME USERNAME i dont know... because im in a hotel in kragerø now... hahah :p but maybe  #ilu

USERNAME you bet yourself? :l nice, your so col :p

USERNAME hehe :p i love british comedy. do you watch pep show?

lay in bed with a fat mouth and no fod til 10pm thanks to the dentist 

i'm so tired. goin to slep early 

USERNAME lol they're givin us votin tips now? they shudnt lmao :p but why didn't i think of that?! i'm gona try it n se lol

USERNAME yeah ;) dont forget me :p #monsterlove

USERNAME why are u stil not coming up when i try to @ u 

8.) i'l rol up to prom in trainers :p

rt USERNAME: wtf, this is becoming to familiar, president bashar al-asad of #syria is bombing protesters using tanks and heavy weapons, damn 

oh my gosh!!! u seriousrt USERNAME: USERNAME dey r leavn tday 

why i'm crying? 

USERNAME lol i def kno i would beat you in those games!!! :o) #uaintready! u to #oldsko ^_~ #gotacatch you up son' :p lol #yesir!

USERNAME aw i'm sory 

so tired, cold, il 

USERNAME i want you to folow me  although i wil &quot;never say never&quot; i don't think you wil :/

rt USERNAME back to schol monday  i have got to start my homework ..

rt USERNAME: i hate leaving my dog home alone por nala 

oh, i have to go to the ofice. no. 

god bye #blackbery wha 

hehehe. i want jb to reply and folow me jua rt USERNAME: USERNAME lucky 

#3 if you met someone that knows her try to take their phone so you can cal her and tel her how much you love her :p

#nowplaying madcon - beging you i'm to early for training again :p

no changing 

work on urs to :p rt USERNAME: lmao..hw cn u tel sm1 2 work on dr twets?..na project?

USERNAME its fun! i like to kep up with trends :p

i love goin hing home but i hate 2 se my lil cousin cry when i leave ....  tear

rt USERNAME rt USERNAME: by september i'l have to many shoes  « to many shoes to many many shoes&lt; we ned some more fet in here

dumb ole tonsils.. i want em out but i don't... scared to get em out 

rt USERNAME: #nsndvduksoner we don't want to wait until july USERNAME 

rt USERNAME: can't believe USERNAME won't come and se sclub with me!  lol!&lt; lol omg

USERNAME damn it video can't be played on mobile!  i wil watch l8r diner time 

USERNAME lol plz dont :p u cant do this to me, my eyelids are raping my mind!

alright this might be my last push for tesla, hope it works, then il port them to sense and release then hw time :p

wish these pancakes could make themselves. 

USERNAME thanks man, now i realy realy want to rewatch the whole musical 

homework and diner alone 

USERNAME your fav &amp; now my fav &quot;i love sausages&quot; USERNAME james are out  guted for you but beter things wil come 

USERNAME  was the crumpets nice?

USERNAME god luck! you can do it. ace it. hm, warm milk? turn your phone on silent? oh and hapy thoughts. :p

USERNAME i knoe , but it doest curl anymore  ima be walking around with an afro (x lmao

rt USERNAME: i want ice cream and omf 

USERNAME i knew we'd lose the series but i didn't think it would hurt this bad. botle of wine to the face. 

not feling wel today  i wish i could go back to bed but with 5 kidiewinks i got no chance

geting ready for work, have to work from 1 until 7  #fml

USERNAME damn and i work on saturday... sucks 

fuck it, it's to much efort to do #10factsaboutme :p i'm outa here :p peace

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

these are the times when i wish i had a pol in my backyard , if i had a backyard :p

USERNAME #wordsthatdontmakesense #خو !! يعني شنو :p

rt USERNAME: final send of na kay aj  aj we wil never forget you  you wil always be in our hearts  salamat kapamilya...

USERNAME i just wory about folk when they fel like this because its not an hapy place to be  hugs x

USERNAME that is very true :p a fucking ride of a wanker though..

going pok kai son! gona start writing alr! if not no income 

USERNAME.  i'm sory. we ned to talk son.

no now USERNAME twet is making me want guines punch 

godnight USERNAME, i bet you'l twet 5minutes after i get of. you always do  #jadenatorslovejaden

USERNAME pues por ti tengo muchas de the strokes y de muse :p

oh, no my love USERNAME isn't here today&lt;/3 

great. can't breathe out of my nose 

USERNAME sink?  and wtf?  an easter thing?  or are you on drugs? :p

USERNAME itunes is normaly ok, but when it goes wonky its a pain  lol

USERNAME USERNAME ..i ned ur contact so i can get cuz adres 2 write  and talk to cuz...i hope u felin beta real son 

o USERNAME loks stresed in her catering exam, me that tomorow  #scared.

cant belive dem zarah r resumin sch todae wil sureli mis dem mahn 

there are actualy facebok groups caled &quot;lets botle mcr at reading festival??&quot; these twats are going to ruin this for me, aren't they? 

USERNAME what hapend to ''end world hunger'' or ''bring world peace'' ? :p

USERNAME but nothing is oficial yet 

USERNAME i'm so sory.  praying for you!

oh god..i'm actualy having a fever &amp; a slight flu! again?????? its like a wekly thing now »_» alahuma la e3tra'6 

#10factsaboutme i haven't had a mix made just for me in a long time. 

USERNAME wish i was 

ned cofe.....  :p

wish u r here with me.. 

idk its 1 thing after another 

i'm fine, without you :p

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

USERNAME exactly  it's gona be amazing! :p

friend just left me craving for super, fod i cant take now.  ned to get wel son, cant wait for teoheng laksa icecream w/ the cousies!

USERNAME my only dream is for you to folow me on twiter, but that may never hapen  42

so USERNAME and  USERNAME are ganging up on me saying i'm a twiter buly 

this rt USERNAME: USERNAME life acording to USERNAME: you get boring once you're pregnant. don't do it. :p

lol unfortunately yes i am  hahaha

otw friend but rain  

USERNAME yeah prety sure you did. and oh.. god to know.. i like to know upfront who to trust.. :p

USERNAME i'l fend them of for you! :p

rt USERNAME: inalilahi wa inailaihi raji'un.  i know how it fels. may alah be with you my brother.

USERNAME col  wil text you cos duno if we going to john lewis cos i broke my cam :p x

USERNAME backseat is such a god song, do u know y?? because your in it :p lol x

ew i almost threw up just now 

strugled with a 10&quot;.... piza what is wrong with me 

USERNAME never got directions hun  lol

i forgot my pilow pet! 

USERNAME no ni idea 

USERNAME filming?? oh oh.. haha i hope they'l go on mtv! ah yeah early may then film right  but at least got (cont) URL

rt USERNAME: USERNAME lol &lt;3 when i got your mesage i was like where the hel is he so i got up and said your name. haha :p

USERNAME haha i am! we mis you kirk!!! 

old ple and for sentimental reasons  i fel old now  rt USERNAME: in the same vein also fax machines (cont) URL

to forever alone , 

USERNAME i got some over here.. :p

why don't you just leave me alone  why do you kep taunting me... why don't you get it that we're done 

USERNAME hahah should be :p

can't slep but i'm so tired! what is going on?! 

USERNAME 

USERNAME i was hoping she would but she was prety quiet when the kity was on me. i was hoping her kicks would freak kity out :p

nein! basti mus zitern  #dsds

USERNAME no way. here just rain to much! i'd like if here get snow, but.. 

watching metal mania, where's USERNAME? 

USERNAME i bet £91739303927 and a nandos you wil never folow me  x30

USERNAME USERNAME stop being so depresing :p

wel motherwel got celtic for the final 

USERNAME &amp; USERNAME &lt;------- are strangers 

USERNAME lol your calculator is worth more than some of my trainers 

USERNAME i am sory.  what do i ned to get on?

watch online movies :p URL watch fre online movies!   china 9 libert...

USERNAME this is a special day :p

USERNAME why you don't reply to your suporters? 

rt USERNAME: this negro said &quot;drinked&quot; lol.rt USERNAME: USERNAME i haven't drinked like that in ages lol.. so shut up :p

excuse my por speling. it's 3:35am :p

r.i.p elizabeth taylor 

USERNAME dont wory, we al hate being short 

rt USERNAME: wish you were here 

i stil realy don't know whether to vote for av?! ah, i thought i was gona vote no... but i'm totaly undecided now 

 que triste me siento #twiterof

USERNAME so is mine! this may be because my computer got a virus and i had nothing else i could do 

saints row 3, skyrim, forza 4 and maybe deus ex ... the only games i want this year  oh and diablo 3 please - crap year of gaming!

USERNAME i hate how im online and justin isnt. 

USERNAME hahah, know you more than you know yourself :p ;) #lol

USERNAME --- carot cake aparently? i just wana se cake vs face action.... we is not on tv right now 

smh i'm so hurt.. i gota take this 4 hour ride with no fod.. *lip pokes out* 

USERNAME thank you!! again :p

USERNAME haha, a lot of java, c, and unix :p

USERNAME 

USERNAME USERNAME i want an acent in my name, to 

USERNAME oh okay! phew :p and very god, its very nice outside :p

USERNAME mariquita :p

hahaha!! i did not say that..! :p

USERNAME USERNAME ,,, ahahaha,, we're not 3 idiots,, we're 3 indian-dancer :p

rt USERNAME: i hate it when my friends change just because they met new people.  #dailyten

my alergies realy itchy!!! i could be death if this continues............. 

USERNAME i text u last night 

you lied to me 

meh! how come wales have the easter holidays one wek after england  bo! x

shit i can't watch #bgt  i'm such a loser.

USERNAME didn't end up having the margarita  had sangria although that's #spanish! the site is loking so god by the way!!!

USERNAME  why?!?

USERNAME  stop giving me more reasons to lust &amp; gush after you.  especialy when you're going to be on the oposite end of the country :p

first lok at hary poter part 2 URL omg i cry 

USERNAME USERNAME was just the same as always..  people were being rude and kept teling him what to do...

i wish i was stil smal enough to go swiming in the bath 

rt USERNAME: i just want a cudle &lt; you're not the only one 

USERNAME i know, but they might come back and tel me i've got a rare condition 

USERNAME hahaha .. she stil studying for her 2moro exam 

USERNAME ugh.  that is quality broadcasting there. i'm so sory friend.

USERNAME ber? of an afternon? scandalous! i'm on the 'bena - fighting a bit of a cold  just walked b - amazin sun!

rt USERNAME: in bed sick today  please pray for me

USERNAME making me jealous! i have to work tonight and the hospital doesn't have any fox stations 

USERNAME xd psh whatever then :p

i ned a dark rom with no sound before my head explodes. 

USERNAME you can watch in only on pc. easy, go to youtube.com and search 'lady gaga' - born this way. :p URL

USERNAME i was bored so i started a blog. we have very diferent tastes  i'm #tocol

todays the day our boy goes 

jgn sedih gtu donk pe gara2 gw ga di kantor :p rt USERNAME: everyone think that i'm not hapy today. yes that's true.

dagangan nya sepi ci?? :p rt USERNAME: i fel so lonely in a crowded place

i carert USERNAME URL i lok sad right now &amp; u guys dont care 

ew! (; rt USERNAME: for some reason my lips have ben real dry!  #howunatractive.

USERNAME nope it's not  sad slepy twitles

aw rt USERNAME: lmao  i ramble rt USERNAME sometimes i can't ask USERNAME shit she don know how to expres herself lol

i fel like a crock of shit 

outside d kharagpur railway station. vote for him to b in god 'helth' :p URL

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: i want you to be here with me now 

...very bored!  please order from htp:?

USERNAME barburito is awesome! i wish my ofice got barburito's ... sadly the choice at subway blew minds so i can't se it hapening :p

wow the hornets are leading! go hornets! :p

wtf. can i ever catch a break? 

dang it and i mised tamala on USERNAME to 

#10factsaboutme 3. i love daft punk since i was 6 years old. i stil can't get over the fact that the hot one has a wife &amp; kids 

USERNAME i can't work it  do they have snapbacks at least?

USERNAME shway hard 

rt USERNAME: i have to deal with that, monday's n'zone, kne injury, schol reopen, holiday's homework and chinese project. 

USERNAME lol wutevr ima leave it :p

i got a big as slab of bacon today, idk what to do with it  rt USERNAME: i want some bacon #random

so true! :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME the average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can se beter

is stranded in morinvile 

USERNAME yeah!  its gona be cold! :p

USERNAME omg its shit that they did that to you though and then bar you  i'd be wel pised of! should've shat through the postbox x

USERNAME omg... it is so god. it isn't helping my &quot;figure&quot; either, but poutine is stronger than my wilpower. i'm so weak. 

ugh. sick, weak and tired. last night was horible. 

quita's mean 

USERNAME you laugh now. its going to rain tomorow ;0) :p x

rt USERNAME: listening to &quot;wish you were here&quot; on my way to the airport  i am so sad to leave al the ones i love in la. my heart hurts.

USERNAME ah fine, i wasnt there but yeah ok :p x

USERNAME don b racist! :p u r indo to!! acdntly loks similar wit sporean lar. haha watching natgeo, e one name douglas remind me of u

rt USERNAME oh dear, elizabeth taylor pased away  rip..

i'm sory twiter! i haven't abandoned you. i just fel sick.  #ugh

oh i'l have to deal with international shiping  i'm realy interested in the polish holders. have to lok around. thanks4 your help 

i used sign language at USERNAME but the sun didn't let her se what i said. 

USERNAME me to!  florida is so boring and so hot. are you gona go to imats next year to?

USERNAME idw sound like a fol.. lol but what does that mean.. chunch?! i'm from the states don't make fun of me!!  lol

USERNAME very true! not gona lie- i don't think it gets easier.  at least, not a lot. (although, i have found it easier when i'm a

woke up realy mising my babe.  i dnt think im home alone today

USERNAME lmao twin stop bein mean  u didn't txt me back either 

USERNAME it is awesome...start earning n get me one of these :p

lets pray for aj perez ..rest in peace. 

rt USERNAME: stil in bed.. :p being lazy before my day starts in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1........ URL

USERNAME  but i know right. i'l be god. i ned some hoes.

USERNAME exactly :p i'l catch up with you tomorow 

USERNAME  shocka's mine tho, so stay away biatch :p #marvelfm4outnow

#wegotogether like flies on shit :p

USERNAME sory no ofense meant-i work @ big iner city hospital &amp; operate on many ivdu...so when i se &quot;nedle&quot; i don't think arts :p

USERNAME spain♥jonas but you forget us  #sosadjonatic

abc but they just lost  rt USERNAME: what chanel is the heat playing on guys?

where are you???  #woriedtwet

USERNAME true right 

nyanda knp-knp syg  .. baca bm dong  rt USERNAME: knpa USERNAME ?

USERNAME win or lose baby im stil here for you :p

ugh one of my mains got expeled from schol 

wondering wil my dad give $$ for tmrw 

sick  #coughcough

USERNAME inded! i just want to play with it :p

lol rebeca black is stil trending :p jhez

haven't talked to my bestie USERNAME in a couple days &amp; i texted him &amp; got no reply  not feling the love

smilerslovemiley is going down  we ned to get it up!

USERNAME you shouldn't be so mean :p x x

i'm such perfectionist it hurts! 

shit i didn't reply so many mentions  se what hapens when i have no phone.

USERNAME i wasn't that impresed by the crysis 2 mp demo  wondering if it's worth buying for the campaign or not.

USERNAME do you hapen to know that specific 'tol'? i have problem try to circumvent china's great wal for a long time 

rt USERNAME my my my my my :p URL URL URL yunho ♥

time to slep tomorow schol -.- :'( seriously i hate tmw 

64. qt p suka sx b bolang.. :p  #10factsaboutme

rt USERNAME i mis USERNAME so much.  &lt;-----aw i mis you to!

i love USERNAME and USERNAME even though they're both weird as hel. and have a sexy tiem without me 

USERNAME (: iloveyou, i've ben texting you 

i mis purple mountains majesty 

just got home. i have done wel in not faling aslep even though i only slept from 6am to 8am. then i spontaneously decided to go away. :p

gr if he don't text me back 

ga lah ,udah mndi blm lw.? rt USERNAME  ko sedih ?rt USERNAME:  rt USERNAME haha kesiyand rt USERNAME

USERNAME i kep teling USERNAME how much i mis you! i was so emo after that. 

rt USERNAME: in bed sick today  please pray for me

hope it is a god day for us at the cricket field also though sachin just got out 

USERNAME totaly :p

USERNAME USERNAME and yes i'm on the ps3. aw do you want me to get of it? :p

i cant believe it 

he used to cal me ya, i wish he'd cal me out of the blue and tel me he mised me to. 

rt USERNAME: i wana se fast five 

USERNAME then we ownself go loh. ohya calbin leh! i super long never se him already 

suposed to rain tomorow 

USERNAME never when i'm no the phone :p

USERNAME folow me please  would make me the hapiest girl in the world.

#nowplaying chris brown - beautiful people :p

USERNAME :p

USERNAME wel w/in a couple hrs you threw me under a bus, so my felings have changed! 

USERNAME USERNAME i can't retwet that cause ur twiters private  *throws a shoe at you*

USERNAME i know, just tryna lighten the mod :p and just ignore them 

sadnes jxt kinda fel on me... 

tv chanels r incesantly circulating the news of earthquake tremors in india. any1 who says he hasn't felt any is considered a fol 

ick..only thursday tomorow!? 

USERNAME haha!ok mr hulme-victoria wil be extremely careful not to fal into the #twiterproducesgramaticalretards category :p x

USERNAME the #royalweding ceremony is puting me to slep with al the religious crap... im afraid i might mis my bus :p

USERNAME dang, we got of realy late, i have another wek left :p what hapened swetheart? :o x

USERNAME yea. actualy on atachment!!! 

USERNAME hey, where'r al the #imagines swety??  #wewantmore  haha

USERNAME you'l have to go in chris's rom :p

USERNAME USERNAME ah.. that elf song i havent heard.  where can i get it? wil download once i'm home.

USERNAME i only saw the first one and so shocked    how quickly everything was swept away ...

USERNAME #folowmeariana ♥ please, i'm a huge fan from france ♡ love you! i think you wil never notice me 

m sampler trio from jack in the box then i get to smoke our last bowl of egyptian kush  i love that stuf it's heaven in a bowl

rt USERNAME: #iwish i could met justin bieber  #neversaynever :]

USERNAME i wil go to bed. :p i'm only human. hahaha... what am i? you think i'm a robot? :p

this was by far the most heartbreaking los to me of any sport 

ouch (¬_¬&quot;) rt USERNAME: males ah :p rt USERNAME: tolong USERNAME dicapture yo :p rt USERNAME: hahahaha rt USERNAME:

USERNAME  that sucks!

USERNAME what time?  btw, can i borow ur one of ur esays? hehe cus i tak tau lah cemana nak buat! 

ache al over,headache,fluey, night sweats. ra is active &amp; on the move. wonder which joints it'l atack this time.   #rheumatoid #rasucks

USERNAME yeah  least u might have chance to se em in july i think can only go download

im sory!!!  rt USERNAME wow godnight #pised

third time in 6 months, someone has come into our yard at night &amp; cut down the tres we've planted.    wtf?

rt USERNAME: hahah cause USERNAME is an idiot for rt his on twet :p

USERNAME aw!...i gota work  i'l se what i cam do about geting ziah there though. what time does it start?

fought to stay awake during basebal, mised the ninth ining (gah), now can't go back to slep 

rt USERNAME: realy misin my crazy big sis USERNAME  wish i could have brought her with me !---i mis you to so much already!

i am so screwed for sociology tomorow &amp; i'm feling sick  idk what to do ah USERNAME

USERNAME fel me when i tel you, im fine and its time for me to draw the line!! :p

USERNAME :o im sure your not 

USERNAME ur hair loks longer den mine but! wish my hair grew quick 

USERNAME and you were smoking what, exactly? :p

im al shaky today. its not from to much cofe either... 

USERNAME USERNAME dont we have any workshops in delhi to? 

USERNAME red cheks :p this is the face i realy hate  i just hate the dang nose

rt USERNAME: i never thought i'd cry so much while watching the last hanah montana episode 

rt USERNAME: jenifer hudson lost her voice with her weight. 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: om USERNAME datengin cody simpson dong  #4

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

USERNAME but i also could have froze. yep. 

fel wel boring &amp; antisocial not going out tonight, would love to but i ned to save and i don't want to risk not being alowed in lol 

USERNAME so extremely jealous of you right now 

USERNAME ... USERNAME  is to shy to tel her name ,. . how can she met ? :p

omw to pick up samirah...then home to wash my hair  so tired

after that 'ghanaian jolof rice is tiger in a bowl coment' i anticipate a flykick from a ghanaian this wek 

USERNAME you're just mine :p haha ! girls get away ! x

USERNAME ouh.. &gt;&lt; hais, then idk le. ps! 

USERNAME nobody to go wit  sory

USERNAME please please folow me back!   &lt;3

USERNAME please folow me 

trying to be positive. also rach is starting to make me wana go sonisphere quite a bit now  not a chance i'd get it of work though &lt;/3

 realy ned to get this thing done but i cnt complete it cuz no one is tryna help me even though i did ask a couple people smh

USERNAME i know :/ but i'l just wait til tea time :p ahaha, the secret is safe with me! :p aw my phone's boring :p x

USERNAME cos i just neded to do my rots  sory is it bad this colour! 

USERNAME o darn i have work til 6  how long are you going to be here?? i'm sure you wil love it, let me know what you think!!!

USERNAME  no  lol twet him lyk mad everyday x

USERNAME can u like »» URL «« and then my pic »» URL «« please help me its for a contest 

USERNAME what hapened? 

sam's making fun of the way i talk 

d: i have to mis our game monday for the doctors 

USERNAME: then your phone is crazy like the owner hahaha :p

USERNAME  sowy. i wana met your mom, lol.

USERNAME :o you bitch! ;) jk .. bye!!! 

ah i wana go on tumblr! went on it for like only 10 mins today! :p

USERNAME  hehe no in my town is beatiful weather . it's sun   hehe where u from :p ??

idont have my ipod today 

USERNAME aw...chin up! try &amp; stay positive. it'l al work itself out eventualy! just get drunk at the wekend :p x

USERNAME USERNAME yal are a mes!! i mis yal 

USERNAME you have learned me not to say never. so i wil never say never folow me please i love you so much 

USERNAME i think my fav would have to be friday night! such a catchy song, it's always stuck in my head :p x

i know i have to but i realy realy realy don't wana go to schol 2morow 

i mis you so much more  *hugs* rt USERNAME: USERNAME  f'det my twin , a7bj ' mis u wayed ' ♡

USERNAME fine thnx just checked flight fares for paris cardif 40€ each unbelievable 

USERNAME then barca would be the perfect team :p

i think when sumer vacation kicks the dor , me no se USERNAME anymore 

USERNAME oh god thats harsh 

i have a lot of twatchers :p

oficialy an #alphaphi alum!! so sad 

USERNAME you beter twet me then :p

 i mis those times when i always have someone to chear me up! none like that person! mising you :'s

i ♥ eli !! :p no mater what :p

rt USERNAME: #gh i fel bad for jax  lol

USERNAME oh okay ..i have to go to a funeral  but il be al over after that ..on davidson and then in the valey by wickham ave

outing in laguna with baby's friends on 29. i want to come. but but.. 

USERNAME i didn't have time  had a train to catch and wouldn't have got back in time &lt;/3 awh i'm glad! oh what tats are they?!

USERNAME aw. wel if there aren't any on the 30th, i'l have problems finding you during the raly. :p

USERNAME that's a beter idea :p

amanda , victoria &amp; lauren just caled my house teling me a bunch of random stuf .. :p lol

USERNAME realy sore! cant cough or laugh  not sure wot i've done just got worse last nite. ned rest for tomorow!

rt USERNAME: USERNAME kohl's sels those shirts :p

USERNAME its on reverbnation! usualy it plays for me but not tonight! 

i can't watch this news, it's breaking my heart 

USERNAME haih . i also dk why le bi  jaiho

USERNAME lazem ye3melolek limited twets per day  :p  btw i aded d sex astro guy n removed then.. sada3ne 

USERNAME i realy realy want one, just dont know what  lol! what do you want??

USERNAME i so mis you 

USERNAME yeah, it's a curse. 

boris johnson loks like he just come out of bed. why not a top hat! dude 

USERNAME howa zorar ya benty !!! switch on i am ur brother , switch of &quot;2om yabny mn heda&quot; :p

i hate my life, right now  now i'm gona goto slep, @ 7, then wake up real late.. oy chey nervousing,

why didn't it rain...... 

USERNAME guitar with  you can teach me :p i tried at schol and the music teacher thought i had (cont) URL

USERNAME nun am just dyin with ur brother like wrd i am !! i am spechles with the things hes doing u should be here :p

USERNAME  i thought the plan was that you was going to get us some?

my bf is in miami having the time of her life &amp; i cant disturb her w/my stupid isues. i ned to get a sub bf for times like these. 

i have a nasty taste in the back of my throate 

rt USERNAME: did shaun pluck his eyebrows for #tayg? he makes a rather fetching dorothy... :p #wizardofoz

USERNAME haha it's proly cause i have a lot of time on my hands :p

time for work now :p later!

USERNAME the very cake! it's nuts! and perhaps that cofe aded to my mod, yes :p

USERNAME i wana cry already man.. no time   some more prom is coming.. i think im going to toronto to buy mwola 

cant slep USERNAME any ideas how to fal aslep 

she iz  not talking 2 me 

USERNAME yeah, and it takes 30 minutes to go there by bus .. and i have to get ready in the mornin' 

i give up.... im going ot bed 

USERNAME yeah i know  i was like that last time  hahaha! oh, beast on invincible youth now. just to tel you that 

rt USERNAME: how do you unfavorite stuf?!!!  i didn't mean to i swear!!!! i heart just freaking stoped!!!

USERNAME por us 

wish i could bm #oneofmyfolowers 

rt USERNAME: i'm tired of us like this  please, i mis the old you

USERNAME yup. in english now then i have one more clas. i gtg for now though.  bye chulo.

night twiteretes :p im so kol [overlygased]

now getin started on a shit load of work... 

rt USERNAME: i know justin is loking col but do not know why that is col in my heart i was just alvin :p

❒ single ❒ taken ✔ maried to kyuhyun :p

USERNAME hahah everything is so biterswet this wek  thank you! i'l be neding it!

im so sad its over! rt USERNAME bout to head to the airport ... 

just came out of the shower! i dont like being wet 

abe dog zy hatchi  his loyalty is unbelievable!

USERNAME have you ever ben to germany? :p ;d

USERNAME existing in ca, i'm woried about radiation!  can not believe in the gov   i bot a geiger meter - URL

ef it i dam sure wasn't walking , &amp; i had no wings to fly so i was stuck!  rt USERNAME: USERNAME my ... URL

USERNAME can i have one cuz its my birthday today?? haha :p x

USERNAME dont go  we mis you :'(

USERNAME aw baby cher up 

USERNAME same thing ! ... bs '3yro esmh :p

USERNAME loks like you taking the brandon jenings path :p

...&amp; no headbanging sesion with USERNAME   fml!

i got a super bad headache 

USERNAME dave ! i'm fucking tired because i were online yesterday so long , you beast :p

USERNAME you shud not be complaining ... you get a diner either way :p USERNAME

there's def a cold breze in this lecture hal 

USERNAME poxa amor 

my b no bat  wasup?rt USERNAME: USERNAME sis.. is ur bm working?

my aunt just said &quot;i'm high on life&quot; but i know she was on something else :p hahaha

i go to siam cuz of i wana c u but no! where r u? 

USERNAME i think my day wins :p lol xd

USERNAME go folow USERNAME right now, shes realy nice so, do this fo me :p

USERNAME not the infamous kilz range no!!!! had gods memories crusin in there 

#ificouldiwouldbringback my mom&lt;3  rip

USERNAME aw lovely!!!! i knw it helps the aches but ur mad to put urself thru that!!! brave man chris :p por jayne  hapy easter x

rt USERNAME: USERNAME me to i didn't se the mileyday thingy trending!! 

USERNAME same when i was in the guard of honor at the farewel game gody was crying, it almost made me start crying..such a sad day 

USERNAME oh, not that oficial  me &amp; couple mates are just doing it ourselves, wouldn't mind oficial though if he recomends somewhere?

USERNAME i literaly researched it after you sent the first twet &amp; ye it must just be you because i stil don't give a crap lol :p

USERNAME haha;) i hate doing my hair sometimes! :p and 15 yous? ) &lt;3 x

USERNAME USERNAME i wish.  i already screwed it up.

USERNAME reply me please  i love you &lt;3  you are amazing ! &lt;3&lt;3 i ♥ u

“USERNAME: USERNAME -.- sis. when i go to thailand next time purikura sesion :p” sure !! you shud come to kitic c na 

lol rt USERNAME: USERNAME to pay for his expensive divorce :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME fancy folowing me and USERNAME we got unfolowed?  x

dady! hungry!  he stil watching the voting at sarawak 

ilstu tomorow night  #waitwhat i'd rather be drunk in daytona #cdtlove

when al the white pl get of at adison i get sad 

USERNAME thank you. i'm literaly in tears in this stupid car. 

USERNAME only jamie is lol but USERNAME isnt folowing me 

USERNAME ah i mis you to! i told maria i'ma come round real son and jam, just crazy busy at the mo 

oh god, my brother leaves schol today! why am i geting panicy.. he's stil a baby though 

USERNAME yesh i like you :p

USERNAME aw man! #cupcakesandcava and #qrcodes?!! totaly bumed i can't make it 

can't get through mo yfm!! 

USERNAME to my music! the works geting alot harder aswel! oh and have you pick those 5 main subject thingy :p x

USERNAME wel they are hot i don't blame you hahaha, i am stil sad enough to love them, not met them though  haha

USERNAME hey! so do you know what's goin on with stereo skyline? i'm realy confused :p

USERNAME, haha now ur family is guna think you want me  hahaha &gt;

aw.. it's raining..  no tenis today then..

cartilage is fcked 

USERNAME sucks the audio isnt sinchronized  the pops at the begining are the beat pops in the song u.u

USERNAME awh that's col  &lt;3 hehe i have an infected ear so i can't watch tv or listen to music  so am chiling in bed  &lt;3 x

USERNAME i'm a bit late in saying but the latest series of being human was amazing. love it but i'l mis the george/mitchel banter 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME nag-inarte lang, loves. ) lit play tomorow. 

USERNAME would've hit where i sit usualy :p

USERNAME what is up my cousin?? haha lol im bored :p

USERNAME yep, got mine through 180contacts.com. wil lok at visiondirect when i'm on the market again. my card's a visa though 

USERNAME i think you ned a new avatar on here by the way :p

g'day!!!!!!!! back to the reality 

USERNAME guted i ent going !!  x

USERNAME i love you haha you do the most interesting things :p

si USERNAME shock pas liat hape gua :p

coldest day ever!,  found out my spring break wil be anything but a break.#fuck

the beautiful lie is when we never lies :p

the one night i'm up and not slepy ... i have no one to talk to ! 

USERNAME ned you 

USERNAME maybe.... :p じゃーシングルパーティーに行くとか？ miwa organizes tokyo profesionals parties but also single parties, right?

the internet won't let you download an image you realy love? have no fear! scren capture elite is here...that is if u r using #firefox! :p

sometimes i would like to have someone to trust 

times a changin :p

USERNAME lol finaly u liked somethin !!!!! thank god!!! :p

i have a confesion . i'm going to mis USERNAME when he leaves 

today is not starting how i wanted.... 

it's raining  ! lol

25) litle kids are realy anoying.. even tho i sometimes stil act like one :p

USERNAME that's so great ! your son is so lucky. our schol doesn't have 'crazy hat day' 

USERNAME its suposed to be thunder storms on sat 

USERNAME ah! no way! :p

USERNAME lmfao stop being mesy, we've moved on from that now ! &amp; she made me mad rhy 

everyone's breaking up.. 

in that type of mod ;) where you at USERNAME  lol :p

i've actualy got to much stuf to pack 

USERNAME thanks!! i hated the shiftwork and lack of snugles... 

USERNAME you started it :p

i want a plate of chicken rice now 

USERNAME  use warp lah

lmfao michaela gone get pushed of stage tomorow ! over there talking that swet crap :p

omfg my mom didnt get her money 

USERNAME  folow a local guid dude :p

pengen strawbery shortcake 

rt USERNAME: rt rt rt USERNAME: mau cpt slesai uts please 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME pop into our litlw trol post haha. you made him send us friend requests! 

USERNAME aw  thank you,apreciate it  x

just got asked to go to the zo on saturday, i have to study 

USERNAME nothing but bored 

USERNAME 这是不好  aber s'scih jo nur äs iphone :p

has the urge to skype 

beautiful day again, shame i'm stuck inside at work til 3 

today is not my day. godnight. :p

USERNAME yeah..but i'm not going because i don't like the people in my vilage :p

USERNAME wasup swetie? 

USERNAME, weren't you a nokia kid? what went wrong? b madnes got to you 

USERNAME hahahaha i realy do i have no friends 

USERNAME haha my parents wil kil you! :p

USERNAME : neraj said he wana delete his twiter 

lmfao rt USERNAME: #spagetis rt USERNAME: wow i fel like my legs are gona drop of!! my thighs are sore 

realy wish i didn't have to study for these finals so i can go hang and do i what i do best (shop) with my USERNAME  have fun!

USERNAME i also duno later can use internet anot  i told you before i use internet secretly one.

last night was realy realy amazing. )) USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hehe! :p

USERNAME hey girl i was wondering when u were gona come to canada, u kno we ned u out here 

USERNAME my phone died :p

USERNAME why not 

USERNAME lmfao thats where my sister is... ps. i dont have a phone 

USERNAME i just faked a disconection to get away from an awkward conversation. just thought you'd like to know :p

i'm going to mis my cousins so much 

today was not my day  and i loked a mes.

shawols! please help me reach 20 on URL  please? you can order already 

USERNAME haha, so frankenstein didn't throw the litle girl into the pond? but that's the best bit! :p

USERNAME je bent de beste :p

bosen 

i am faling aslep in this library 

:p rt&quot;USERNAME: USERNAME sory :$&quot;

USERNAME i'm super sory justin got a flat tire 

USERNAME oh no  fel beter xox lmk how u make out

helo evryone .. im waiting for my computer teacher but until now his not yet here ..i want to  go home !!! 

USERNAME lol i know i'm stil up  ohwel

of to the clinic 

i fel like givin up..the only thing that would make me beter is a twet from USERNAME 

&quot;USERNAME: USERNAME yea , thats my show thoe (:&quot; mines to! watch it every wek :p

i hate this day. its kickin my as! 

USERNAME not early if you have schol in the morning.  and okay, #bestplacetoslep. #lego

i'm &quot;liking&quot; every &quot;like and i'l admit&quot; because i'm curious of what people would say. :p

feling guilty after playing cod :p

USERNAME haha wel al i know is nobody beter had touch my cupcake lmfao!!! but what have u ben up 2 since u left me 

USERNAME wow! god work!! lol i think you got the best of the sun :p

im mising al the bday fun. . . 

wah, just my luck! i would get a f/ckin pimple today 

USERNAME  best of luck love ya swetdreams&amp;bestwishes&lt;3 

webcaming with an ashole :p  ----- USERNAME

USERNAME lmfao don't hate :p

USERNAME what hapened to the anouncement about tales that you promised us last weak? 

i like her so much and she do not say noting to me 

USERNAME aw your mising the sunshine  have a safe flight and hold USERNAME hand lol x

rt USERNAME: dear slep, i mis you 

jus want to se #arsenal play real presing game and fighting for each &amp; every bal. its ben long since we played like that 

USERNAME abi toqtoq 

USERNAME wil never folow me  i'm actuly close to giving up! he wil never ever notice me because i'm a nobody:/1

what to make for breakfast.... my stomach is rumbling, but i can't get outa this bed 

USERNAME i’l take you to where i usualy sit. always up in front row.  i sat next to a old lady last time. :p

USERNAME you were right about the group number.  

my new video is live  about me tag! URL i wanted to do USERNAME's fridge tag but USERNAME was &quot;busy&quot; 

USERNAME hm  you pi sunway tak? i cant. someone pised me of. ish

USERNAME USERNAME we're almost exactly the same, except i'm beter loking :p

USERNAME lol this is not japan tati. we drive on the right side. lol jk :p

USERNAME what? 

i want to eat fried chicken but i am forbiden from having it 

USERNAME USERNAME hey sowie but my acount's ben hacked  and i particularly know who it is. please to folow back 

sound, there's no sound  ( USERNAME live at URL)

USERNAME, when are you coming to naptown again my luv? i never get to se you. 

USERNAME haha, yay  what rhymes with sunshine? :p

USERNAME are you on the tracheal stenosis yaho e-list? there's ben some discusion about it lately. i'm sory you sufer from it to. 

today has ben so emotionaly exhausting 

geting our math test mark is just gona ruin my day 

i realy ned glases. cant even read whats on espn. and its hd 

why am i awake? 

USERNAME you win 

so USERNAME was in the lane, but didn't stay long!  the kids love you snop, was loking everywhere!

USERNAME let's go, everyone else is like no you don't but i realy do  x

so many people are now faling for kevin since the backstage chat with simon and martina o_o /steals him quick :p lol gota love kevin♥ :')

waking up seing USERNAME hasnt tweted yesterday 

great, blody marvelous,    

USERNAME lmao. it sure would but itd be to short. :p find the bobie band. if you not wearing it when schol comes back, murder.

USERNAME so u not speaking today either??? and don't say u did cuz clearly u did not! 

i hate you 

USERNAME wel i have to go tomorow out holidays pased already 

USERNAME thanks, but i am curently going to shelter myself in my rom. this flu is probably the worst i've goten in 5+ years. 

just sen a new audi a1 - what have they done to it  ugly litle thing!

sarah has a lucky cock. i wish i had a lucky cock  #masterchef

USERNAME  i ben working. i ned to get out

my waiter just tried to hit on me. smh! lol. he winked at me! andrey, you beter get him! :p

USERNAME aw  its ben to long steve

didn't get the email  bumer! went to clas &amp; being lectured by a ta. super bumer!

wil be going back to work tonight... katamad... 

USERNAME could've ben literaly 6 times worse :p

tna 2nite  wish chalenge tv wasnt runing a wek behind

USERNAME and sory for ditching you k. no trans back home. 

USERNAME nope, no signatures! but only picture with marvin,  and pictures with legaci, dj tay james and i huged dj tay james! 

USERNAME i think you'l never folow me  #folowmeariana ♥

USERNAME glad im not the only one! lol!  

USERNAME ha ha ha hapsu :p

ngeduren dmna? rt USERNAME: lg nge-duren :p rt USERNAME: *colek* USERNAME so rodit?

USERNAME  taylor they taste so god :p

my stomach is kilin'me 

USERNAME i'm recreating a painting i did in oils with watercolors for a secret project :p wel... it's a litle bit diferent

me to.. im a belieber, simpsonizer.  but both of them not folback me  USERNAME

kises to my #twiterwifies i havnt heard from em  URL

the best thing to solve any problems is slep :p

this is going to b a rough wek...i can tel already 

word. i haven't showered in over 24 hours.. i fel gros. #screwfinals  rt USERNAME wow do i lok scary, no slep is not workin for me.

USERNAME haha twet perv! i ned to sort mine out 

USERNAME please!!! me me me me  i love jb♥

rt USERNAME: USERNAME we al do :'(... 

rt USERNAME: hate it when your at someone else's house and you wake up before them 

“USERNAME: “USERNAME: hapy bd to the sis USERNAME ” ช้าที่สุดในโลก :p brae” ps. r u ok? drama?

USERNAME yes it was. hahaha! stil i ate it finish :p

USERNAME i realy want to watch your video but sems the conection is so bad, that makes the video can't be played 

could literaly cry right now. this is not fun. but i can't sem to turn them of 

USERNAME wel, i'd prefer a curling shet :p x

i wouldnt let a hodrat touch me... id start iching 

horor thingy @ #cinemeone. ) i forgot the title. ) :p

USERNAME omg that was so funy :') i stil sing our version! i can't sing the original &gt;&lt; our version is way beter anyway :p

USERNAME just betwen you and me, yes ((((((( :p

putus lu dit?:o rt USERNAME: jie~ single!!  rtUSERNAME single ;&gt; hbu?

yesterday was the best day ever ;**~&lt;3 m i wish i can go back :p &lt;&lt; love yw maryom &gt;&gt;

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

aw you made me tear up.  rt USERNAME hapy birthday grandma, i mis you more and more each day!! hope you're dancing up in heaven.

ouch , my stomach hurts so bad... 

was eating bq, but headed back to the mil son.  rt USERNAME: USERNAME what u doing in my city

&lt;3 rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: dam USERNAME said nobody like me  #fuckit ..... // i do &lt;3

 rt USERNAME: -_- &quot;USERNAME: she sems to be like a low-budget rihana rt USERNAME: jesie j neds to get of my tely

URL - omg she reminds me USERNAME. bulying is horible! never do that to someone! -sad

i hate having to go to bed before 12 on saturdays :p

i was hesitant to acept it at first, but it loks like the answer is in fact &quot;prismatic&quot;. i'm to late again  #goglenexus

USERNAME oh lol probably not  i wish i could. i just tweted about that!

USERNAME oh wow im sry i know how that goes.   i take it u just found out?

USERNAME haha, you dontknow de la :p

USERNAME what you want? il pick it up :p

where's the damn sun? al this rain and glomines is depresing me beyond belief. 

USERNAME i can totaly forgive leser production values if the writing and acting are god enough. sadly, #days is 0.5 for 3.  #dol

USERNAME hey quick question, how tal are you? just asking, cause i'm short to haha :p

atempting to study acounting and clean my apartment. can't focus on either though. 

iwant  rt USERNAME: USERNAME yep 

USERNAME i se you folowing and rt your fans. i wish that was me  but you never notice me. my day wil come. #neversaynever /

i'm so fucking scared of storms 

my head fels like someone just droped a anvil on it like in the cartons 

great i have morning duty 

USERNAME why what hapened to my show 

USERNAME nice, send some to USERNAME :p just joking. i like the caps 

lol at yesterday..... me: sory my phone was turned of! mis: it should have ben turned of anyway! me: sory..... mis: wel it should :p

slightly very drunkly pished  kevin loks like a twin of someone and i ned a we. €45 

USERNAME aw. i mos you to! :p  ;)

rt USERNAME: i mean i'm not complaining, but some of them bitches got a big as gut. no bueno 

wow what a dream about USERNAME *sigh* that's one dream i don't want to come.... i don't like jes getin hurt 

anotha wek with out my grls USERNAME &amp; USERNAME _ 

USERNAME :o you get to se him tonight!? lucky! 

USERNAME lol at least we had the thought to do it, so USERNAME should apreciate it :p lmao

draging myself out of bed~ 

going to mis 2nd best qb to ever suit up for the pack..  you wil be mised rusel wilson 

haven't sen USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME in forever 

rt USERNAME: &quot;dont let them take away my childhod like they did to michael jackson.&quot; - justin bieber.  #doyouremember this?

USERNAME :p i understod it and i don't even know french! it was prety simple :p

i chiped my polish. 

USERNAME o swet ^.^ thats awesome! congrats pixie  also, i just found an epic sed: &quot;what sed?&quot; sans apostrophe :p

i'm not god at driving  #itscaresme

USERNAME i'm scared now!  thanks for that. are you coming in tomorow? i thought we had a rather productive evening... USERNAME

USERNAME obviously it's working :p

USERNAME 

time for hungry gobie to hit the bed  excited for breakfast tmr - gota portion out the remaining fod so that it wil last until may 1

trying some #minesweper extensions for #chrome but no god one til now 

USERNAME wow okay 

USERNAME lol! i wanted to go to more than 2  i hate parents.

wats wrong?  rtUSERNAME  USERNAME USERNAME that was fucking wrong 

so sad that al my favourite girls are having slepover times today and i can't be there.  am await drunken phonecals though. 

USERNAME i realy big one. :p

my baby USERNAME is il.... 

i think shorty went to slep on me...  damn...

just loked at photos of me from 2 yrs ago.  of.  time to go on a diet. 

hapy birthday USERNAME my love. i didn't se u in ur rom 

gr bad day already. got a bad haircut #disapointed

USERNAME no 

USERNAME i agre...twet me love  just watched the finale...made me sad 

asldjklaskjd when this shows up on my dash  URL

USERNAME oh right, now it makes sense. yeah i'l explain when i come online 

you haven't folowed me :/ rt USERNAME USERNAME okay folowed.. folow back please :p

USERNAME had any luck with the bw tickets? i didn't get any :p

USERNAME yep 

USERNAME wel that solves our problem of who gets which side :p

USERNAME i know but i wanted to join the gym and i couldn't cause i'm not 16  haha

beybi wake up !!!! ned ya .... 

USERNAME feling sory for your cousin, itna bara experiment on a cousin's birthday. :p

USERNAME :/why you up this late? :p

i'l go ask mum to do my hair for later :p

USERNAME cause 

USERNAME awh no way , dont say that 

USERNAME ;  dnt be rude to me ; can't we al jus get along !

USERNAME hahaha, it is realy god :p oh hehehe, i think our hands just made a baby!

USERNAME i know 

i'l just take a nap. be right back later. #noglefortoday?? 

xd okay but it would be god to know where!  :p “USERNAME: go-go-go !!!”

pan me day @ cafe... but they ran out..  (@ johnson &amp; johnson cafetaria) URL

mising the unveiling of USERNAME statue in the USERNAME = not col  #buls

USERNAME girl you are hoked on burlesque and its getin dangerous :p

USERNAME  so sad  btw realy god article 

USERNAME aiyoh you'l met them! or go stalk them at the hotel la :p

damn gan dongzxszxsz pls! rt USERNAME USERNAME ofend who siol .. lmao .. you don't twet then i'l be very bored leh 

USERNAME yeah ano what you mean i wouldnt wana do that  x

USERNAME wel it was just as frustrating for me as it was for you! and no, it never came 

USERNAME no kep texting wel i mean that is if your fingers aren't to chuby after al that mickey des 

USERNAME isit realy that bad uni? i mis u and wonder girls! comeback to singapore pls? 

USERNAME oh noes 

USERNAME so is. away head bang someone  x

oh man! i fel aslep again. now got no time for breakfast! 

ying doesn't play nice with other pugs.....   URL

USERNAME some episodes were boring. :p

milo b4 of to bed.. coco sgt sedap yaw.. tomorow another borink day  ajiq schol , huby work uwa

no one folowed  USERNAME

ilba7ar 3ajeb  i want to swim

USERNAME wel hury up!! :p lol and i ned a few to

i am worse. 2 in les than a wekm otl rt USERNAME: turning 17 in 10 days. fu i don't wana 

are fish oil tablets god for your health?  why some of them are not URL :p recent health news

i slept from 7 to 830 which was great...but now i can forget about sleping tonight 

USERNAME i'l leaving a coment on sunday. my blackbery isn't leting me coment  thanks love!!

everyone that folows me on here please now folow USERNAME as this acount has ben hacked  gona be on there from now on.

USERNAME USERNAME  yo quiesiera tener abuelita.... 

USERNAME i know the feling   should be interested but don't understand it enough!

USERNAME USERNAME hahaha..the only thing showed up on facebok is when i got stickers..but not checking in  so i think i'm inocent :p

USERNAME please 

it won't let me send the photo to USERNAME but i voted! 

USERNAME oh okay col(: &amp;i'm going to la this wek or wekend so i can pick it up but we'l talk details later since i'm sick rn :p

USERNAME and did not invite me 

USERNAME : haha same can you said about the people from the island :p

soul tape , as i get ready :p

stil tired, fresh out of the shower. waiting to leave for the bus. breakfast? i think not 

wish USERNAME would folow me! ben a fan for 4 years and wil never be noticed  you're the reason i got twiter to &lt;3

USERNAME that's mean 

USERNAME b is dead t geft gwn wit an 

USERNAME chil lah. btw why you can't go? 

lmao! thanx  rt USERNAME: USERNAME its just you. ;)

a month ago i'd of ben up so excited for the night- USERNAME concert 

going nowhere  rtUSERNAME kemana???  rt USERNAME: disapear for a while... se u guys 

USERNAME 'cause life just isn't fair?  

urgh..al piza sold out in my area and no home delivery as india/aus game is goin on  #crazycricketfever

USERNAME heya lovely x it s ok today. i had a long nap, but i m stil so tired. i have no energy  hope u r doing beter mwah

i smel heavenly. #justsayin :p

USERNAME yeah, we went to the up there and some in porland and stuf* sory, didn't put it right. :p

found ice cream sandwiches at tesco but no ice cream flavoured chewits 

tumy ache like crazy during leo. i bet everyone thought i was some freak moaning non stop. 

USERNAME lol one of those nights 

URL how helpful a reverse cel phone lokup in locating your prank caler prank caler :p

USERNAME alright! :p

USERNAME haha #slackcunt :p how many of yours were actualy facts? haha

i mis you  lexie girl n ral

rt USERNAME lmao my teacher is the funiest person on the planet i swear... &quot;sory... it was my pants...&quot; // on the planet? :o 

i sowy...     rt USERNAME: this fever is a mindbender.... URL

USERNAME that was my reason! :p

USERNAME i love you my twin :p sory i'm very playful

got gle and 90210 to watch :o wil ned to do it tomorow :p

stil awake writing this paper, i love nights with no slep 

ingrown toe nail  got to have an operation

picked out al the normal and peanut mnm's, deal with it USERNAME :p #unguardedconfectionary

USERNAME naw naw budy fina get that bot :p

aku gk diajak..  wkwk *lebay* rt USERNAME: &gt;rt USERNAME: ÷ rt USERNAME: x rt USERNAME: - rt (cont) URL

USERNAME hahaha i knw right !!! to bad i'm only gona be 20 

USERNAME condolence to your family!!! 

USERNAME aha. just kep caling him it, he'l get used to it :p

USERNAME awe i want a kity 

USERNAME ha, it's my birthday to! :p

i fel like  given up no ever notices me on twiter ne more  .. 

 you right! rt USERNAME that's suicide rt USERNAME: kil urself! USERNAME

USERNAME you didn't buy the blackbery 

sad times...one of my fish has died  rip fredy!

USERNAME it got beter.den it comes again.my legs geting beter dy.left with the hand 

USERNAME paintbal is a great thing. but it's also a very expensive hoby 

most awesome songs these days = verse 1, chorus, verse 2, chorus, bridge, double chorus :p

USERNAME se it every morn on way to work. 5 england games, oasis, gren day and fo fighters gigs and i never wana se it again now 

USERNAME why did you retire   

for wat? rt USERNAME: USERNAME i'm sory 

and... kuyah, please give back my playstation move 

going back vegetarian &lt;3 ahah some people are realy gona be mad about that ! :p oh wel !

USERNAME lol.. hehe i thought so :p &lt;3

so slow at work why is that 

USERNAME USERNAME i should say the same to u to joven! :p

USERNAME when do i ignore you? lol. 

holy cow just went outside to se this &quot;super mon&quot; and its amazing! pic doesn't give it justice  URL

USERNAME hahahahahahah wtf. god then :pim prouda u

USERNAME whats that? i couldn't hear you over justin singing to me :p

an hour more to godnight 

USERNAME oh, phoey!  isn't it just a penalty, though, if they're late? idk, pelv does our taxes and even then, i used to file online.

my hair is a hot mes 

woke up because my mouth hurts!  #complaining

god night, slep tight and don't let the bedbugs bite! :p

USERNAME wel that's because she can se you :p and you obviously must lok weird hehehehe

USERNAME lol i know, it is hard for me to twet non smalvile stuf  #betergetusedtoit #denial #smalvilending

suplier haven reply me yet. hope the dres is stil available. 

stil can't believe i droped my phone down a toilet 

its heartbreaking  &quot;USERNAME: my shows over (n)&quot;

rt USERNAME: no more long holiday 

USERNAME i want some 

USERNAME that's the kinda thing my nan says :') i said to her 'hury up + stick it in' and she goes 'i bet that's what you say to *name*' :p

u know what it hurts the most?is seing the person u realy love..but loves and ses u only as a friend.... 

rt USERNAME: me to  #crying rt USERNAME: i fucking mis brian molko and placebo!...sometimes i just can't stand it! :'(

USERNAME oh  i'm low on cash e &lt;/3 i'm not sure if i'm going to east ._.

ilied gona eat a bowl on cereal first :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME hey  check out USERNAME , you just inspired him and he's a big fan ! :p &lt;3

USERNAME i'm sad i couldn't make it.  hope you can al go out again son so i can join in! where did you guys go out to?

USERNAME how did you know what felching was? :p

USERNAME oh but stil, i  love kpop in general... my favorite girl group is 2ne1 :p

USERNAME always do stud mufin :p

i'm down!! &quot;USERNAME: i dont have one  maybe my new amigo USERNAME he can make himself useful lol rt USERNAME: who's ur chambelan??&quot;

USERNAME thanks! :p

USERNAME i would say god luck but ur probably not on twiter anymore to se it :p

rt USERNAME: working on the final episode of gle season 2! only a few more days left before the seasons over! i can't believe it! 

USERNAME i've no idea to. damn random right 

USERNAME sounds wrong. :p oven?! then i am wel coked. (:o

USERNAME worse if anything  ben given an inhaler and if that don't work its chest xray time. im gona mis comunicating with seals

rt USERNAME: USERNAME lol chil courtno!! haha---lol i already ate at chuys neway! :p so ha!

i don't want to be on the computer anymore!  #outsideorbust

USERNAME i know! same 

i say someone text me :p

my tumy stil hurts from last night's party.  when wil i learn that chese and jackey don't mix?

USERNAME #sigh  i beter do some biol revision after that performance last leson

USERNAME this friday? alas, por me 

USERNAME 25th for me :p

USERNAME taknk ? 

up early on a sunday no sleping in got stuf to do 

my inbox is hela dry. bitch as sluts, text me 

agred!! only 63. and i had no idea she was sick. such a blow. loved her when i was growing up, stil love her now 

afraid il go on twet limit :/ if i do then sory guys!!! :p

track met, wish me luck.  #nervous

USERNAME thanks me to 

USERNAME i went on one yesterday with my friends and i've bruised my bum bones 

USERNAME aishah! dorang tk reply my msg.  i dn know if they reaching or not.

i am so lifeles  i envy those who have wonderful and cherful life..i want a special&amp; hapy life and tel my love i love him everyday

USERNAME ye forgoat 감사합니다, disapointed.... 

USERNAME i think she deleted her acount cuz that was her twitername before :p

USERNAME saturday went in work. sunday loks the same  how's the campaign going? are you guys active in asam?

i give up USERNAME is never gona folow me 

USERNAME hey! no not yet! :{ duno if i'l bother going to se it :p x

USERNAME you do very god bunting. and baked gods. please can there be a litle oreo stufed choc chip cokie left for me? 

&lt;&lt; is not hapy . 

smh, it's the black way rt USERNAME lactose intolerant and stil wolfingdown cokie dough ice cream...i'l never learn 

i forgot what i was gona twet. 

shit! #fastfive tickets sold out  oh wel gona watch  'hana' smh

hiting my funy bone is realy not funy  it actualy make me fel a litle sick

USERNAME the last chance to win #purpleglases ! could u make my dream come true ? i can't get them from anywhere else  #purplerealds 48

gota admit i was one of the culprits :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME tires get deflated, beaten up, grafiti, etc.life is stresful for them :p

USERNAME oh that's jst mean 

USERNAME shey, kfc ;). &amp;idint know i wasn't suposed to *_*   sily us :p

USERNAME you know what iv typed 'brought' today so many times and have gone back to corect it every time! and now i slip up lol 

USERNAME oh. im sory :p

saluda a davielis rodriguez   (live at URL)

lol USERNAME she said what's up! :p

USERNAME ia nome able :@ 

wah! my bangs go to the side! 

USERNAME oh, can we have a slumber party at your place?? wil hank mind sleping on the couch?? :p

USERNAME welcome to twiter :p

USERNAME  yea man, hes gona make it big like yu trus !! man yu ned to make the jazie show a tv series or sumfin :p

USERNAME aw bles x he's just ful of cold. woke up crying yesterday morn  never done that before.

rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME anyone got an idea who may be doing it? can't se conection yet! - not yet 

have the worst headache in the world 

USERNAME and my phone was tripin so i couldn't cal him to get back home 

so USERNAME just caled me a closet hipster. 

USERNAME it's not a race is it?  i'l win if it is muahaha. no you're not far behind me!

mother nature is goin kil me.!! 

life ain't so god right now  where is my super hero when i ned him the most?

USERNAME you've got something to do then i don't. :| okay, i'm so stuck with internet. :p

 “USERNAME: *crying* i wana se me sister USERNAME”

USERNAME have a god day tomorow, i'm at work al day so you won't se me  x

where are you now ?  ,, i mis you so much  ...

i'l finish my homework after true jackson :p

i wish sunday would never come, dreading #sumerschol starting monday  #orgohereicome

USERNAME i know what it means, we have a word for that, &quot;delinquente&quot;(so diferent...) :p now god night eh and i'm the best

USERNAME bt i gues i suport ausi  :p wbu?

USERNAME yup. and it's ben cement  so pain. sigh

USERNAME definitely! i would totaly buy whatever the comercial was seling! :p

USERNAME we'l do everything to se you smile cause you are our star &lt;3  don't be sad i just wana hug you now 

USERNAME he's probably ben watching #days. :p #oltl #firefrons #dol

USERNAME but,im quiet when im in the bus 

muriendo lento  ..put* colico :@

USERNAME lots show up? sad me  you were supose to stay til after 1pm when i'm done work!! haha

USERNAME yeah..wel i'm clumsy 

me to rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME 84 degres in atlanta • im so hating rite now 

i ned his cute as here  ...i mis you

USERNAME i'm always here for you muka, text me  &lt;3

i didn't even get a hapy half of birthday wish from USERNAME.    i am old as bals.

USERNAME las mich! :p

USERNAME haha remeber that macaroni concoction i saw in ur fridge...smh...make d girl just buy kraft now 

USERNAME tight jeans, double d's making the men go wo ho... and thats just me :p

so? rt USERNAME: lol i ben up since 10am yesterday... smh  rt USERNAME: USERNAME wish i could take a nap to 

USERNAME it's such a tragedy  i'm stil blown away by al the music you sent!! USERNAME got it al downloaded for me!! he's col ;)

USERNAME you spelt my name wrong  #heartbroken

USERNAME anyway jt is a c*nt :p i was checking some flights to come over for the cl final i got the same feling as in 208! :p

USERNAME #intrigued :p

USERNAME USERNAME i'm glad you had a gr8 day- i played the bas al day-and i am in lots of pain=maybe that's why i am feling 

USERNAME i know....sucks 

rt USERNAME i didnt no how much i mised dinozo in 1 day  &quot; tiva &lt;3 #ncis

i shouldnt have to try 

USERNAME made me start twiter again.....only 2 people wil know this 

ugh night schol is so boring there's nothing to do except work yeah yeah i know your suposed to be working but its so damn boring 

judas on ful volume does kil my ears but it's worth it :p

i ate al my swedish fish 

USERNAME can you text me please, i've lost your number. 

USERNAME i'm nt to bad..  did you disown me?? you r stil my wife o!! by force!! :/

USERNAME haha! you would never lok crazy i'm sure i do! haha! i don't have fb what am i gona do 

listening to asking alexandria and dying inside that i'm not going tonight 

USERNAME ah sigh.... i know... tried to nible on one of their fet.... that didn't taste like chocolate at al :p

td kan ak blesny blm bca ampe atas sygrt USERNAME: akunya nga  rt USERNAME: thankyou my chers (cont) URL

USERNAME USERNAME  i think al my complaining is implied

hey, check out your post. i've tweaked it a litle. :p

USERNAME opa, wil there be held a s4 in indonesia ? cos i'm confused i must watch kimchi or not 

USERNAME same thing. :p

USERNAME USERNAME i know i said i was loking foward to watch george losin his ear on pt1. not that excited for fred on pt2 tho 

USERNAME  yo ugly self know why....gne leave me at dis boring house  

i want my eyebrow pierced 

USERNAME i dnt wana ruin my hair 

USERNAME yes at 6 in the morning 

fot pain 

USERNAME  alright

USERNAME i'm so sory to hear that  is it posible to retake it?

por brtitany  #gle

hapy birthday to the most inspirational boy i know, corey james. get wel son  x

save al, but nothing to share 

USERNAME so jealous of your sumer upas.  bo ful time students.

USERNAME hehe :p oh i'm sure you do :l its lovely mark :p

why is student finance so complicated??  #help

rt USERNAME: gotdamn alergies fucking wit me» mines to smh 

tomorow's thursday already  review center in les than a wek!! 

photo: getinthetardisweasley: this is epic. i want this as a poster :p URL

USERNAME USERNAME haha merci  i can't wait for it to be over

dont have &quot;in ur pants &quot; for a location on stuf, guys are gona want u to describe what your doing there in the  first place :p

USERNAME my bateries gona die  folow me please? x

USERNAME USERNAME or randomize it so you don't know where it ends up...but that would put us back at square one i gues 

USERNAME thanks! slight progres... today was a croaky day. geting there.... 

twiter won't load on my laptop 

hehe, just teasing:p rt USERNAME: USERNAME lol not the twilight i was thinking of :p but its alteast something ;)

this is my first twet and it wil be used for some more and more testing :p

USERNAME you'l have to email salesUSERNAME.com. that's not something i can help you with... sory 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME no yal cnt be gaining up on my fren like that  lol

k's songs are al over the radio :p i thought its another 2 months til the aniversary...

he wil go 

no more march madnes + gus johnson, sad day.  #teamgus

USERNAME i cant sem to upgrade mine 

USERNAME &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3! i mis you lots and lots dude. aw. 

di nagpractice si USERNAME. di ata kumpleto ang USERNAME this wed. 

hot chenai has now become col 

USERNAME yup :p brb  x

USERNAME thanks for the fedback  i'l pas it on for you. apologies for the inconvenience! - scot

i dont want to go to slep because it would mean puting an end to this day  #twtourmemories

USERNAME i love you! by far my favorite character on victorious  folow me  ? 7

USERNAME yes! i'm sufering!  x

with whom? rt USERNAME: e gue k rumah USERNAME nanti malem cin rt USERNAME: USERNAME nyamper 

i'm felt so prety fucking empty today. 

okay. i mis USERNAME 

USERNAME oh!! that explains why it semingly loked like the &quot;worst date ever.&quot; :p

USERNAME it was scary 

USERNAME did you like it? i would be the hapiest girl in the world if u would use it as your background on twiter! yeah i'm #dreaming 

somehow i knew os x and xp would end up strangling each other but i didn't think it'd end up this way :p  i ned a cheap pc lapy then....

you can't nemo ! lmao , maria a fol :p

39 people died in the south the other night from the tornadoes 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you know how we get down :p 8) party @ erock's house who's down?? lol

can't fal aslep... 

USERNAME i don't know where 

 its raining.

USERNAME okeh , you also bu ke yi fail , or else i beat your pigu :p

USERNAME im mad 4 several reasons.. USERNAME wont twet.  &amp; al the lies the government tel. but mostly because of trey! lol 

went to bed at midnight but i stil got 8 hours of slep  woke up at 8:30 :p

rt USERNAME: schol is geting a lot more stresful now, wah 

USERNAME a friend used it for years. it's bulky as hel and prone to tears in the seams. i used their thin one but it stretched badly. 

sigh.. my felings are fading. it's so fucking fast. 

USERNAME lol crazy girl!! i'm mesed for work tomorow now dude! 

USERNAME what?! august  damn it, i don't have any holidays in august ((

i shouted out my ipod on my radio show , teling him to come back home . shit aint ben the same since barlos left me 

USERNAME  r.i.p. desperate minges double act  

USERNAME USERNAME shit! wil have to try and find it somewhere 

USERNAME  it realy is!! hahah i mis you to  i've ben up and down the usual! yourself babe?x

gay night.. nothing to do 

USERNAME im not 

uh oh... more rain 

i fuck everything up 

USERNAME when are you coming to visit rhema.. i ned a big brotherly hug  #misyou

i dont think im geting my dogy back  ..

ten is at #castleridge! dis place is kinda scary  i just want piza hir 

yeahyeahyeah , zo dokter 

stil waiting for the email to se if i got my tickets for the big wekend  USERNAME

USERNAME i can't find one!  x

USERNAME i am :p

this USERNAME porn is using ave maria as a soundtrack piece  stop making me crack up whilst trying to wank! :p

USERNAME wish i could've made it 

she's not with me this wekand so i'm lonely 

USERNAME  yup haha i finaly got into the ful swing of twiter :p its hard to believe jus a few weks ago you were my only folower haha

#roughmorning 

USERNAME i wanted to :p

USERNAME yonimo~ it's available for pre-ordering. but it hasn't got any extras and just the special episodes 

USERNAME i can tel :p

i realy want a beige colored pair of hels but al i can find are the platform pumps.  im already tal 

USERNAME haha that is so funy. yeah she doesn't know how to catch you. lol were you being michael jackson? :p

can't slep...7am is gona make for a grumpy morning 

children in providence public schols are amused by my gauges . . . #scenekid :p

&quot;the italian anthropological criminologist, cesare lombroso&quot;.......my lord that is a bit of a mouthful :p

so tired from work  but now i have to study and do asignments al night but atleast im seing never say never tmro!

you bet gmd3?! fml.  did you get the bok signed or just met them at the tour? (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME its so hard to know a boy who likes bands like opeth, lamb of god... 

hah? gue sombong? fitnah tuh wkwk ;p rt USERNAME: amel sombong  rt USERNAME: wey wey :p rt USERNAME: wey USERNAME

it's starting to rain 

USERNAME reaching a new low madmoisele! :p wel its friday so shout about that!  hope als wel in the  ding!

USERNAME sigh  a when me dead u go love me? kmt -_-

rt USERNAME: a very productive wekend, i have a feling you guys are going to love the latest poc production!very hapy :p

i'm as stupid as a bread !! ah!! just wrote down a 1024-worded dream &amp; as stupid as i am ...i unintentionaly presed tha of buton! xd 

USERNAME it's al going on where you live!  any news on your suspicions about that guy in your building?

USERNAME yah actualy i only know isolation and poping and a lil' contemporary..sadly i can't sing 

USERNAME  problems with burning cd is it?

had to sprint (': now my hair is a totaly mes, it loked nice before 

i have a bad headache. my mum says i ned fresh air, but it's raining 

no easter egs... hapy easter? :/

USERNAME omg your lucky :p x can i just ask who sam is? x

USERNAME haha it was alright lol :p what you guys went to do?

&quot; i hate not havin nobdy 2 tlk 2  , 10mins later  he mkes my night ... now #waitaminute..i'm so lost ? n obviously dat baby is 2 ..

USERNAME se me godgirl finish before the night :p

i can't wait til i get back from chuckechese &amp; the mal to wash my hair. it's itching like crazy 

USERNAME i was about to go to vegas but my mom changed plans so she decided to stick around here in california :p

USERNAME hahah oh my gosh.. i dont even fel al that  -runs around loking for a stupid paper- gr x

u should be kicking it wit me and tha #dynasty rt USERNAME: finaly home..... to bad i can't slep yet 

which fruit to eat: orange or aple? :p

aw knut the polar bear died!  x a milion. aw.

the north face 10, 10 km de raid por australia, y yo preparandome para la matagals  - montserat #video URL

USERNAME our cats are crazy! out thur in the cold! caramel stil hasn't showed up yet, i'm woried 

eating sum panda expres at gaytebelo mal :p

USERNAME he hid under my bed for 3 hours the other night :/ i am woried something has scared him 

i stayed up waiting for your cal &lt;/3 but it never came 

USERNAME there is nothing wrong with loking 12 :p

USERNAME lol! okay! :p

USERNAME no i didn't  i love you

what hapens? *hugles you* rt USERNAME: i ned hug therapy.. 

ah  i hate fot spaz's 

i ned you 

a trip to walgrens , headache... 

USERNAME i don't know if i believe it but if it's true then it's realy sad  he's perfect the way he is!  USERNAME

-,-rt USERNAME: bae :p rt USERNAME: frotal~rt USERNAME: terus USERNAME nya mau dikemanain? rt USERNAME:

on my way to be jabed... mumy 

pita bread and humus  get in my bely

ugh i just fel terible al over and i wana go home 

USERNAME yeah. i wana get back to that. i mis my clean, profesional lok 

USERNAME lol thats me 

listening rabeca black's friday. lol at her voice! so funy :p

USERNAME ay man, why aren't you uploading any more videos? 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME has 5 more shows 'til #myworldtour is over 

USERNAME gah  my mum pays for mine instead of giving me an alowance 'cause i wasn't eating so i'd lose weight xd

USERNAME sure any time ..  so first i would tel dere name brutus  dog , hank turtle ,lizard and a smal snake in ma kitchen garden  :p

am i crazy or does anyone else think a utopian society is achievable :p

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME hey! it's only 1pm - i don't ned to start doing anything for at least half an hour :p

USERNAME :p okie. go practice ur basketbal. lol

lmao rt USERNAME: USERNAME lol. thanks :p very acrynomscious

as promised :p lol rt USERNAME: #rt if your in the mod for head

USERNAME USERNAME i think jen is being to nice, she neds more smart-as :p

ugh, not feling god  trying to bust out a project &amp; paper that's due tomorow morning.

USERNAME i wonder if i can find it online!cuz i don't know which chanel &amp;beside i don't live in uk  but im sure ur going to be awesome!

USERNAME i don't even know what that is 

everyone! lok at my bg and lok at john :p hes like oh yeah i'm a pimp xd  — wil do..kep up the spam  URL

USERNAME don't wory about it, i got bored so alastair kiled lisa. she's what's in the trunk. sory for the late reply :p

USERNAME aham 

why hav i got buterflies i aint even playin the match :p rt if ur thinkin the same :p

i don't know....it doesn't realy fel like there's schol tomorow. i mean realy? 

at work, fun to work alone in 8 hours 

USERNAME nope :p and you can go way biger! like an inch or something :p

its raining! 

USERNAME hey viny i mis you  havent sen u in forever rt please and il be your bestfriend forever

i gues him faling aslep on me is my que to go to bed as wel.but i cant  so il just lay in my bed,watch tv,twet watch &amp;txt lol.

USERNAME hopefuly!   with our curent complications we could be delivering earlier than we would like 

prety litle liars.... i want the second season now!!! 

rt USERNAME: you want to se yunjae kising scene. retwet retwet. i ned 10 retwets. curently i have 4.  hm.

USERNAME you didn't come back to say hi after you tok your aunt and her baby some merch  the rain kept us from most of the show

USERNAME USERNAME yeah i'm watching elizabethtown on instant and there sems to be no music...that's the best part 

er realy don't wana go to schol tmrw . but i have duet 

hahah more than that USERNAME #f a whole bunch of pl :p

kfc embracing the dark side? :p URL

wife and step-kid come home today.  wait til she ses how many bids i am wining on the devil site   my as is gona be in trouble again

USERNAME cody i wanted to skype you today and then i remembered and then i cried. 

USERNAME oh i'm lacking in the desert section... you win 

so does house! watched last episode as wel! finaly.. ben late on that one. dreading hiatuses ahead of time this year 

you make me, fel like, i'm living a tenage dream! :p

USERNAME it's a he!!!!!!and yes he might notice :p

rt USERNAME: the popular servers are where nobs go, once you are a bloger or video maker, you would know you se nobs saying &quot;hi pokie!!!&quot; al day :p

USERNAME haha theyd ned the tena ladies if i got on there! i fel &amp; lok awful, hayfever in my eyes 

USERNAME  hehehe.. i m unique so my hoby is unique :p

rt USERNAME: every time i start to get somewhere with a song i start to fel il, i only have the bridge to write now 

its coldaf outside.. 

USERNAME you tel me wjat to do to :p

my dash went to slep! i think tumblr is sending me a sign :p

USERNAME folow me  and hapy easter! x

USERNAME dont yel at me! :p

 sad for one of my fave cities “USERNAME: a month after quake, tokyo is a city of shadows: URL”

USERNAME oh ok luv. i'm bout to lay down before work tonight 

USERNAME  wo , gabisa ituh :p

i hate USERNAME because he always busy with his gadget 

. walking into your workplace &amp;&amp; realizing your not leaving til hours later 

 nobody wants to ride to laf wit me.

ka ka smash folback yah please 

omg a few seconds ago something hapened but now i can't remember 

bye bye michael scot! 

USERNAME omg my hamstrings fel like they stuck !  it hurts to walk

craving thai tea with boba. fuckin alergies 

you can use me..  rt USERNAME: i should invest in a punching bag.

i realy wish stufed animals could hugle you back!!!! #epicfail that they can't 

USERNAME when are you going to folow me?! was so excited when i found out you folow al your folowers but you don't folow me yet! 

USERNAME ahahaha get stoned then ;o go that extra mile :p wear socks!!!

what's the best of geting to who is my next USERNAME ceo ? by reading worst newspaper caled times of india  #transparency #sarcasm

rt USERNAME i think i'm geting sick though... smh -- me to 

wtf! damn microsoft had to stop leting people buy plain xbox games and shit from stores. esi is going to cost double that of esiv 

USERNAME have his picture on my wal!  it sucks  and i'm like obsesed with him and i've loved him side his first video on youtube!

USERNAME i could kil for some gren mango right now  ben craving it for almost 2 years now.. just hope the mangoes here are d same

house to mslf yea :p

USERNAME meh. that is horible.  i'm sory. besides, you are worth it.

USERNAME i know :/ &lt;3 

USERNAME i was trying to get hold of you yesterday  to come mine but you no answer  and remember to ask to night x

USERNAME sure.but i don't think my mom wil let me study in any kerala colage. coz i'l wear one white mundu and shirt and start politics :p

wish i could watch #comicrelief but no tv 

USERNAME lol then go get something to eat  and while you're doing that, get me something to? :p i'm hungry to

my cat is so anoyed by me right now .... :p

USERNAME haha so do i, not you! haha joke :p

USERNAME i bet the wining combination is padlock 15, key 9 :p

#f USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME real housewives :p

USERNAME ;) yeye. i think im going to have to go in a minute bab  x

USERNAME i bet you aren't even giving a dirty lok :p you love it

i don't know what's going to hapen?!?! my life is faling apart 

USERNAME daing. mised your cougar talk on 3talk! 

i'm so down right now  

omw microvision 

argh :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME ...and at the same time...bad... but al the same.doesnt mater anymore haha :-p

i can't believe my favorite basebal player was dwi  #shinsocho #badasian

USERNAME i am actualy :p haha

USERNAME 

casandrabvb asked: only localy  URL

wanted to read my kindle but no batery  on to deleting e-mails...

USERNAME rey no encontre nd  sory

USERNAME que mal que no fuiste 

rt USERNAME: i mis the old days, the old you, the old us  #diaryoften

mising my friends at home 

dms dms dms a dms :prt USERNAME: ˘°˘ ye ary :p rt USERNAME: hye dms ._. *kecplosan wgwgrt USERNAME: pcr... URL

USERNAME saman makes everything great whyd he leave my house 

USERNAME bitch stop twetinq !! danq calm the fuck down :p

USERNAME wel yours is a homo , like it's owner :p haha no they're not ! like what am i supose to watch tonight ? lmao

touchin' on my - 3oh!3 

USERNAME great ! me to but at work 

USERNAME yah i know  theres people out there with a few lose screws in their head lmfao

stil no phone! how i mis you phone! but by next wek i might have a new phone. same number maybe..  i'm so lost with out my phone.

USERNAME help me say helo to him.  ah, we never talk for a long time!! 

USERNAME i love u! please folow me! dreams do come true right? but this tok long  i cant wait to go to nsn again tomorow !!!!!!

rt USERNAME: rupa so laeng nga noh rtUSERNAME  rt USERNAME: USERNAME tiang !

USERNAME hi bily, the danish programe about chipendales has ben postponed til december 

USERNAME no you cant leave  please you cant....il fucking lose my mind

USERNAME oh no love that's anoying  do you have to be up early to?

omg! i'm so jealous. love it! rt USERNAME URL :p

USERNAME yeah, stil haven't done it. to lazy! i ned to run to the auto-parts store, but it's raining outside.  so cold, sudenly.

i hate fernanda  she sneaked into my bed and scared me

USERNAME USERNAME eyer natasha what's this you forget about me alr right 

my friends have always said i lok so much like my family, funy thing is im adopted :p

studying while everyone else goes out 

lucky no hang over :p but seriously, i dont think i slept. o.o

if i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lay with me and just forget the world..  #nowplaying

my por nails are tender from geting acrylics 

USERNAME i wil do! one day... :p

to com fome mimimi realy 

- colder today  ah wel don't mind, stil extremely sun burnt :l

USERNAME  i thought you were here &amp; is it fun?

USERNAME lol that has to be the most listened to song on your ipod right now :p i'm stuck on starship music at the moment...

USERNAME ha wel that was a bit of a fail realy :p

USERNAME me...but not for long. :p

USERNAME please twet #loveyouamy, USERNAME is geting hate for no reason at al &amp; she wants to leave it's that bad  #twfanmily

USERNAME * pins ya down * :p

andrew! bestfriend! u beter b here for precal tutoring in about 23 mins if not i'm gona beat u with the hotsauce man :p haha USERNAME

USERNAME you're actualy early for something?! :p

rt USERNAME: another lonely night... 

USERNAME i remember our mums pising themselves over how malnurished he loked! oh i mis parents evenings! 

i hate my life  my internet isn't working on my laptop..

USERNAME i was scared :p

my eyes hurt because im to tired  and my neck hurts, i must have ben lying funy. ergh, cba.

that should be me 

oh wait, she's taken already :p USERNAME

USERNAME was such an amazing friend to heidi 'like i had to pick up my best friend and cary her upstairs' 

USERNAME aw wit  come pick me up in that troley your wizin about in? x

u should of made it beter for me 

rt USERNAME: this hackers are ruining my life wa  lol &lt;&lt; you must b doin sumthin right babes

USERNAME um ouch? so does that mean 2 kis her as or what!?! and i stil don't have that email   lol

USERNAME hahaha ! yeah ! por jay  .. sory , i didn't se the mention ..

last day of the holidays  no!

USERNAME yeah. it's not that obvious but i think they are 

casi no he twiteado hoy!! 

USERNAME you got it first hun...but i can't ship to korea  can you do domestic???

al this sungmin twets talk is making me mis USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME &amp; thea 

USERNAME :-\ but saying also wont mater... :p

USERNAME yea 

USERNAME  that sucks, people are wankers, don't let them get to you x

USERNAME lol i mis you to! 

i cant wait for my ipad2 to ship 

i've came to the conclusion that my schol has way to many holidays! i'm actualy sick of being unproductive during the wek 

i hope my boys in japan are okay. 

aoi hot pai na thailand nia 

its a sad moment when i have to turn my alarm clock on for 6:40. bye march break 

rt USERNAME: speaking with a french acent in france isn't the same thing as actualy speaking french  ...leson learned

my day went wel. then the night came and i was able to let my mind wonder. :p

USERNAME there ye go :p im your first folower from todays #f #win

10 mins til showtime and its mighty empty 

haha :p so funy , we were in clas and then my english teacher named me by sayin' &quot;selena&quot; :p haha !! lol USERNAME

USERNAME por precausão..apaga o twet q vc mandou camiseta do ps :p

i lost my water botle 

USERNAME lol that wil teach you tom lol :p

whats ur fav fod :p — dono :p URL

rt USERNAME: i do so much for one direction and stil no folow. 

i just kiled a mosquito and i fel so bad! it died in slow motion as i drowned it in the sink after half way kiling it with my shoe! 

hayfever is leting me know who's bos. 

USERNAME naku kada. i have tests again on monday and tuesday. everywek quiz namin eh 

USERNAME then ~eventualy~ it opened t_t i'm forever geting into these situations 

wow. this wreck tok of the entire front side of this car 

packing everything 

hp sepi  rt USERNAME: hp rame \(^o^)/ [like it? URL ]

you copied my random leter answer thing  x — i didnt ;o URL

i wana se al time low live agian... that would be sick to bad i cant tho lmfao that sucks 

quem qer ver o making of : URL // eu nÃo resisti  e vi ! :p

i beg you folow me 

USERNAME you are mean. i was literaly about to go cry. i was like no. my best friend hates me! 

actual ned to do revision today!! 

my step father watching me smirking with a blunt in his right hand like you doing it day 

USERNAME i wasn't sure, so i gogled it and got &quot;i hate couples who write al over eachothers wals&quot; 

what would make me hapier? a random twet/folow from USERNAME hint hint :p love you loads &lt;3

USERNAME haha i've heard of them   its not 1 of the big teams then :p you just going for the wekend?

pretend like its not hurting me 

USERNAME aw..  ok i believe you

can i just cry? 

USERNAME no. youre not right. :p

USERNAME such a bludge :p only had like 3 clases - had an anzac service over 2 and a lockdown dril :p and yours?

USERNAME  fine, u wont get the gods from me tonight then! ;p x

USERNAME i wana know. u al kep on talking about weibo these days. nvr share 

how do i quit biting my nails!!  i can't do it i try but cant #help

USERNAME god morning! im stil envious about that k trip ure planing :p

USERNAME aw i would love to have a sumer birthday, and for it to be realy suny, mines in december, so its always frezing  haha x

same rt USERNAME i cant slep this isue is glued to my mind i cant stop thinking about it 

USERNAME i'm at southpark. staring in the direction you used to work at 

USERNAME bles ya. i'l buy ye one :p lmfao.

USERNAME kya bakwas hai! fair and square jeto toh log cheater bolte hain. i started slow coz i wanted to give you a chance :p

i'm sad u know USERNAME manof never replied my mention, or even folow me!  i just wana say.. never say never, im swag:p

USERNAME yeah. :p lol are you in high schol? i'm homescholed but i go to a stupid co-op every monday :/

who said that tothpaste is god for burns? it only makes it sting more 

USERNAME its heart breaking when you cant. 

damn this test is hard 

 im hungry! and i stil want chinese fod!!

USERNAME USERNAME ah se i dont have a phone that is modern enough for the internet  angry birds wil have to remain a mystery

USERNAME my kids ratled of several names. bigest deal to my 7th grader was the choir teacher, mr le. we love him! 

don't fel god 

10 yrs ago peps always said i loked liked sandra oh  !! #onlyasianontvthen USERNAME: ...didn't like being mistaken 4someone else

USERNAME haha y yo en hamburger y tortila :p

glomy rainy day today.loks like there'l be no beach and fun tmr 

iknow! buh tz al god! rt USERNAME: bad news  rt USERNAME: &amp;&amp; there's one lil problem . . .rt... URL

USERNAME ahah. yes, because i'm a ninja :p

i fel like we failed our man somehow tonight. did we not send him enough positve energy?!  USERNAME

stresing bad, lord please get me threw this moment in my life with her not without 

because they're jealous! USERNAME: i fel like everyone hates on adub fans :p

u never know 'bout my feling 

USERNAME my grandma is dead  #hurt

bouncing bouncing bouncing 

USERNAME posibly so. that was to thin. you shouldn't be able to se your bones! my joe is the same. he's geting far to thin. 

wtf is hapening with my phone  stupid network!!

USERNAME it was so great  i'm having so much fun lol to bad you cant come  sory i didnt watch 2pm huhu

its so nice out! wish i didn't have to work 

i thought it was 9 pm. and then i got on twiter. and now it's 10:51  crap

USERNAME ops i have a iphone 

hehehe ;) m b jang toh anag kecil ? :p rt USERNAME bsok ketemu USERNAME  longtime no se ;)

i haven't twet at al today!  that means it was a realy god day!!!

today is a shouty 'phone cals day 

lost 4 folowers 

USERNAME i am very boring, trust me :p

USERNAME i fel sad cuz i dont se u in concert &amp; when i knew im going 2 concert u canceled  im from monterey, mexico

rt USERNAME: #blodneded today asap at blod bank madina tibeya - 1yr old girl  - saden emad ahmad aljaramsheh - 07646087. family out of aman 

USERNAME 2k head ases. &amp; i mis talking to yo punk as already  but anywho tel that square i said whats tratnanin(guci voice)

USERNAME aw god that he's trending but for wrong reasons eh? i'm so devastated  &lt;/3

where is mr sun gone 

i forgot this bus turns and doesn't go straight on, now i have to walk more 

USERNAME doesn't like girls either :l :p ;) &lt;3

USERNAME p nata my b is delay tum hgai d ka  very slowly a

USERNAME i've found out nobody likes reading anymore. 

i ned a night out! or something 

i've waited so long and tried everything and i stil can't get USERNAME to folow me  #neversaynever  kep waiting i gues?

laper tp gk mod 

USERNAME anything, man. and stil no.  wil that be a problem?

USERNAME the thought doesn't solve the problem though 

USERNAME thanks 

rt USERNAME keyshia cole is on #106andpark.i wonder if USERNAME is watching&lt; no  but i'm recording it. al cause schol.

#10factsaboutme 32.) = i already make 3 songs but i forgot its tune.. lols! :p

my braces hurt  i ned some of USERNAME's ice cream! ha

(˘̩_˘̩ƪ) rt USERNAME: tomorow wil be the last day of jhs  gona mis those days 

USERNAME what you trying to say :p

rt USERNAME: rest in peace, aj perez.. 

USERNAME yeah  i mis that excited feling!

USERNAME everything lmao i was right nervous!what a wus! i mis driving 

USERNAME wel i have a dream and its that one day you wil twet/dm me, even just an i love you?   neversaynever right?  (7)

don't do it!  rt USERNAME: i can't do the volume that USERNAME does. first, the wife would kil me. second, i'd kil myse...

USERNAME it hasn't come out yet. haha i heard a leaked sample today. :p and it's caled &quot;girls (who rule the world)&quot;

USERNAME hey, we got rid of the scrubs! :p

thank u rt USERNAME: USERNAME aw sis, sory for ur los  my prayers r with u.

rt USERNAME: USERNAME alfredo!!! where are you?  venezuelaskstosensn3d

sick  can't mis my wekly tuesday nightcap.. (@ bailey's sports grile) URL

USERNAME aw  just think about the money, money, money! x

USERNAME you dont want me to visit you??? okay,let me stalk you,,ㅋ :p

i get mad to.  rt USERNAME five? i'm so pised right now. #nascar

USERNAME but got earthquakes. 

USERNAME that's why i tweted that. glad you noted :p

USERNAME let's play maty.  you can hold your own i'm sure!  :p

enjoy ur day ya dear  rtUSERNAME: otw to virgin beach....  rt USERNAME: slalu sja smngat  wish can be like u 

USERNAME  i emailed the link 2 my ex who lives in el paso.he was supose to go this wek for a ems conference but fires canceled it

USERNAME and its much beter than orginal version :p

math final today, then one more final on friday and a 5 page paper and then helo sumer...wel just until my sumer clas starts  fml

i'm locked out&amp;they wont let me in  its freaky at almost 3 in the morn to be locked out my house god thing i didnt se scream 4 yet!

USERNAME speaking of which, 29th plans? :p

think i might go to my friend's house today? :p

USERNAME wel kery did ;) they canot ever steal tuckman they are ours :p x

USERNAME same thing :p you were loving it anyway haha, yeah was god at times boring at others

USERNAME oh fuck, that sounds bad!  if you ned anything at al, let me know snugie!

USERNAME dito, it's afecting my slep now  rol on sumer!!!

ben... :p rt USERNAME centil nanang ;p rt USERNAME creambath dolo

why didnt i wear shorts  haha

USERNAME 

yamer baguih utk company anda :p

USERNAME or ful of hot air? :p then that'd technicaly mean a lot of people.

USERNAME you wish :p

USERNAME swet! please say thanks to nene and sherwin :p

USERNAME el link no funciona 

the time flies so fast ! shit liao 

USERNAME or that guy with the wonky eye. :p

USERNAME hope their okay  stay strong jaden loveyou x

USERNAME thanks lol :p

USERNAME what jon said :p

this fucking charger i just got for the second time either doesn't work or takes a very very long time 

i was to tired  rt USERNAME: so tonite i saw USERNAME bow wow and waka floca. best of al i saw USERNAME ... URL

morning bandung! are you okey?! :p

why #ie9 is a web designer’s nightmare URL /via USERNAME - now i'm depresed again 

sian USERNAME can't acompany me go maths remedial tomorow 

USERNAME and i'l mis you 

i mis seing USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME step smh 

mau liay 'supermon' pake gogle sky maps ah :p

and again never me. but why? 

love me, love me, say that you love me 

USERNAME ah i se, maybe i just ned to spend some time over there to understand it :p

i ned tlc  USERNAME

“USERNAME: #whyimsingleinsaudi because i don't go to enough wedings” lol, damn true. yet so sad 

greasy coking smels + the rom spray my mom covered it with = mince pie smels as i arive home :p :p

USERNAME a girl with a timid nature and the right ability. so it doesn't help when there's only a 12% chance for it to be a girl 

USERNAME i'm alergic to pineaples. 

i'm just gona take a walk with my dog and hope that clears my head :p

USERNAME screw you then! i wil go by myself ! 

USERNAME i just saw that on the news 

USERNAME USERNAME i think its from the dril where we were jumping on one fot. my as kils to 

USERNAME not bad, but got some stuf going on that may or may not hapen. can't stop thinking about it though 

USERNAME stil no folow back  &lt;/3

USERNAME , bm pending  bsk ke sency nda?

USERNAME or maybe she'l tel us we're playing al the games wrong. :p

USERNAME hahah, i lok so pale! cheky arg must have had a spray tan!!!! and my mate in the background ruined it 

i stil have problems with my hands, gota go back to the doctor next wek 

can you help me USERNAME . i can't signup at URL, when i continue i can't find a captcha ....   . help me please !

if you had to perform at the circus, what trick would you do? — don't know :p URL

rt USERNAME: how is max braning such a great character when his kids are so anoying? except for bradley of course (rip)  #eastenders

just droped USERNAME of at the airport. so sad 

i wil steal your USERNAME #hahagodbye jk! :p

lately i find myself thinking about you..  URL

face burnin :p

USERNAME  and avenged arent shit, i have an exclusive nightmare hodie  howre yo? :p x

USERNAME hey there im ok just feling il today  and you x

USERNAME USERNAME hawksbe and jacobs are excelent. the rest has gone shockingly downhil from when i listened as a yof 

USERNAME oh man, are you ok? 

USERNAME lol what i was just teling the truth :p

USERNAME my dilema wil be iphone or that b to! 

USERNAME :p nope! lol. eat yr words misy! haha! lol

USERNAME i tok a nap earlier, so that's why i can't slep 

USERNAME je te folow déjà :p

USERNAME cz mon got kh! start litar leson, i dnt wana mis it! teacher say she wnt repeat ajar if no hadir..haih~ aiks!! ok okay! u say one :p

#prayforjapan i was just asking my mum in the car earlier if they were stil quakes  sigh

something bit my brayden  aw . now he got a big as bite mark on his head .

had a realy bad argument with my mom. 

hihi, hope it wil be real kak  rt USERNAME: USERNAME yes yes dapet  #atasgue nya yag bagus :p

USERNAME felipe has ben bearable since t'acident, but fernando is such a cock its indescribable :p but as a team, they are so iritating!

USERNAME lol it's aight. afteral, jealousy is a natural human emotion right? :p

it prevents da waste bt in a sneaky way :p

USERNAME hahah er yeah right!!! speaking of being a wus, do ya wana go se the new robert patinson film!!!??? :p

#10factsaboutme 2) i want to be an actres and i'm actualy prety decent but my family doesn't have the money for an agent  #somuchate

ow my fucking legs 

rt USERNAME: i think people would have more respect for 'jelena' if justin came out about it :p

USERNAME your not at a party cause someone got in trouble haha :p

sick power outage :/ the big flash was scary 

rt USERNAME i wana watch taylor swift and sing my lungs out to love story! -me to.i wana watch w/ my lil sis. wala daw ticket? 

test today....watch me fail 

on top of that, i broke my prescription glases and gota get them fixed today.  #teamnotsogodmorning

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lol naw she wasn't there  mayb nxt time

i thought superfre is aplicable to b aps, only the browser. 

i don't have god taste for design  i realize that...

bm..mauk rt USERNAME: USERNAME i got another pic of seo. but hard 2upload 

USERNAME :p uhm nah its god :p

retwet if you wil cry if USERNAME is not asked to be part of dancing on ice 2012!  x

USERNAME lol where and what was he wearing? that could have ben me :p

just loged in and the first twet i read was one about USERNAME  i realy hope she's ok. #prayforfamehoker_

the donuts thing made me folow some donut stats. 

USERNAME i have a headache  how was anger management?

rt USERNAME: #thingsihate being sick and stil having to cater to the whims of my family! :p #ahthatslife

USERNAME we both dont have blacberys...how do we fel 

USERNAME ahah, your bio :p zayn malik lover! ;) x

pathetic run rate. have just a smal chance of wining now 

USERNAME hel naw !!! she aint :p

only thing i mis about oklahoma is my baby 

just showered with no music  #lame

USERNAME i know :p  i've ben there.

doesnt apreciate being caled a nasty bitch just cos i have jely babies on my desk 

USERNAME i wish i was going! 

USERNAME clerks celuloid frames sold out  fuck!

USERNAME hahahaha, i don't get why he hates ugs :p

USERNAME is it late to send the video for gaga's bday project?? 

louis is a milf init? haha made no sense :p — ofcourse :l &lt;3 URL

ouch.. this beautiful six pack of mine is sore 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: om zumpah USERNAME cody simpsons om!! please 

i ate chick filet sandwich for the first time...with coke! and i fel so sick  of to dres rehearsal. aigo cham

USERNAME haha i'm stil nuaing on the bed. :p

to everyone im playing words with friends atm.... il word u later! i'm just gon have a nap first :p

USERNAME i shouldve today! :o but i didn't 

why isn't westhil pol open yet 

USERNAME i rang your phone when chop moved it, it's only fair you help me out now... can you ring my remote control? please? :p

USERNAME yes i forgot. am sory. 

USERNAME wel thats wil take time   bec. asdfghjkl is not an easy word to be speled as u can c :p hahahaha

USERNAME  i leave you to folow on twiter because they folow me  i'm your fan number one, if i folow you folow me 

where are you, boy ? 

read  my cam show reviews here! :p find out what other members said… - URL

felt lyk a star today..! ..signing autographs ! :p

USERNAME    awe man! ok sounds god!

i'm afraid that even though i said the paper is okay, i can't get god results, probably due to careles mistakes. 

i always forget that dewey cox was mr. celophane until the song comes on during shufle times. yes, i have the chicago soundtrack. 

USERNAME i love it 

USERNAME you don't screw nails! :p you hamer them - you'd fail diy :p nice try though ;) but seriously, i'm stufed! xz

USERNAME schol is going wel  but there are taks tests coming up so al we are doing is studying .. not so fun :p

USERNAME please notice me!!  everyone says that you have to make a wish everyday. today's mine is you to folow me &lt;3

got an email back from the interview. negative 

USERNAME should've :p again sory for the bad organisation skils, making you go back and forth. say thanks to your mum for checking !

USERNAME oh no  but you're no idiot.

USERNAME same, this is the first day of the holidays that ive woken up at 12 :l it was god, we won, obvs :p

USERNAME USERNAME you taking them down?  why?

USERNAME aw, me so sory to hear that amiga.  gas is goin up &amp; up! son i won't hav mony 4 vegas?! = - (

USERNAME  take it easy and lok after yourself!

rt USERNAME: i want dimples! how do i go about that? « me to 

USERNAME horah. tonight's wasn't very god though 

USERNAME  &lt;\3

forgot to reply to this :p lol you should be short! haha rt USERNAME USERNAME btw i'm not short lol

USERNAME what??? did you take the video down already? i didn't get to se it 

rt USERNAME: #beforejelena posts r dumb, she obviously makes him hapy, if u at least put god stuf that came from it :p #beforejelena he didnt have abs

 fucking paps :|

USERNAME hahaha, exactly. that's always jay's method :p (or he'l buy him ice cream &amp; adam'l forget why he's mad. he holds no grudges)

USERNAME hahahahahahahahahaha that shit made me crack up haha xd haha buh dumbas is locked up rite now :p

i want gaga to atleast release lotr on itunes. it doesnt have to be on btw. i just want it 

USERNAME yea im god like that! :p

i want yakult 

rt USERNAME rt USERNAME: if at first you dont suced! *destory al evidence that you tried/ why are you so gay 

USERNAME worked out, finished a bok, watched cartons, talked to someone on the phone.. :p

USERNAME i'm stil going through the first folder, deleting excesive screncaps, and haven't even downloaded the 2nd one yet :p

u n who? biko park wel...rt USERNAME: *group hug* mwah rt USERNAME: *sigh* i jez did  rt USERNAME: never say godbye when

USERNAME USERNAME k 

USERNAME hai memey..mis twet wit u 

i don't fel god.  cher me up? id like that.: URL

USERNAME you have the guts to stil be awake. 

USERNAME lmfao , paybacks a beyotch :p

i mis my house   URL

USERNAME can you click URL please?then conect it with ur facebok on the top left,its biebercontest i ned ur help 

just had a citeh fan unfolow me...why the fuck do they folow in the first place? i do not want their shit! you twats make me sick! :p

USERNAME USERNAME cough cough :p yoh~~

pelit pncen rt USERNAME: gk ajak2  rt USERNAME mkn dulu  (@ new depo steak and fried chicken ( fod court cito ))

USERNAME th has only ben to britain once and thar was in 208 when they weren't as wel known 

USERNAME aren't they al? i am one myself so i would know :p

but cute :p rt USERNAME :i'm sory i'm not prety, hot, special or perfect

USERNAME don't they grow out real quick though and leave a scar? 

yep, nope  rt USERNAME: was he stresing you? wasn't fucking you right?

USERNAME because they were born that way :p hehe

USERNAME yes bcos my life consists of nothing :p i'm geting ready for bed and talkin to my friend on fb! wbu

u guys to huh? sad. rt  USERNAME seriously, weather? this is april 25? what hapened 2 weather we had saturday? i liked that. 

done with b.tech....       

USERNAME my postie doesnt realy give a crap, you should se some of my past mail. some of my 8x10s got stufed in my leterbox 

pray for #myanmar!  so many earthquakes! @-)

do you know USERNAME?  her song &quot;we're the shit&quot; is available as a fre download on cadygroves.com..i didn't write it but i wish i did 

i gues i should probably stop teling people to die to  that was my fav lol

rt USERNAME: i mis you 

USERNAME whyd you ditch me!?!?!?  did you not like my story

that's rude is keps closing on me 

USERNAME don't judge me! i was up til 4 while USERNAME was doing our music.  

USERNAME very least she could expect ,she doesn't  do pain wel never did, and brought up to be circumspective about pils 

USERNAME lol :p

USERNAME aw im so sory &lt;3  stay strong

USERNAME i'm not cute. i'm swet and adorable :p

USERNAME not working... 

i know i hate cals but there's an exception...i just wish you culd read my mind 

jaryd hayne is the headbut king! lol :p also, the other els should have helped him out and knocked the buldog player out! #nrl #bif

c'mon #kiljoys! vote for the #mcrmy! there is only 4 hours left to vote :p URL

USERNAME christian! folow me pls? 

wel, at least we talked even though i loked stupid. sory bout that.  wel god night to you. 

USERNAME you beter sang that song :p

i like magic.. ow seandainya ad schol kyk #hogwarts. but it's imposible.. 

wow. fml  i have a english graphic novel page to start on.

rt USERNAME: stil in bed.. :p being lazy before my day starts in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1........ URL

starting to stock up on british snacks/fod al ready for the wekend... i haven't had scones in ages... :p

hapy i saw al my hoes today lol!!!! USERNAME USERNAME except for one ----&gt; USERNAME!!! 

eating a pie at 10:30pm..yupers! that's so normal :p

USERNAME your sunday sounds amazing! i'm stil guted i can't make dani's concert!  lol! and the 18th of may i think! :/ x

i hate when people have of and on relationships. :p

USERNAME we love you so much &lt;3 your realy gorgeous and beautiful &lt;3 i wish you'd folow us but i know it wil never hapen   &lt;3

rt USERNAME i fel bad cuz the next girl that try to get to get serious wit me not gon have a legit chance.... &lt;&lt;dito. vice versa. 

not to bost tho :p

USERNAME nuvu direct cheste a rangelone ostai le :p

USERNAME and me were loking for a lada to cal USERNAME and it was a joke 

USERNAME yeah you are sometimes. it's realy boring. :p

USERNAME dont send your phone to repair before i cal you and tel u how i screwed up !  hahas i fel so nagy

USERNAME me either!! 

i'm actualy so bumed out right now. i fel like leaving this town. 

USERNAME was on oposite side of the road, though two people imediately stoped to help. for future reference, what number do i cal? :p

she realy making me go to schol. i thought she loved me 

USERNAME agred :p but everyone left, and eventualy it just tastes like nothing.  btw, congrats on ur hangover day suces!

USERNAME aw i'm sory  yeah i've ben trying to get him to notice/folow me since i made this acount

#undertheweather 

USERNAME  cream comas are the best comas.

what's up with pokemon films there so emotional 

my edges though  its hot af !

USERNAME sounds god i have some to bt not from wf and i'm a few days late... panic mode 

USERNAME :p *sticks my tongue out at you*

USERNAME yeah we left at around 4.30 USERNAME is the 1 who had 2 hand in.i just had clas only to fika and be told it's ben canceled 

dpn ruma  rt USERNAME: dmn mbk ?  rt USERNAME: banyak ulet t.t

someone make me fod  x

rt USERNAME: its so dark at USERNAME, i can't even se anything!!!!! 

USERNAME exactly 

rt USERNAME: rt if you like my twets  [ no one is going to rt this  ]

great i'm probablt gona cry again  #comicrelief

USERNAME hahahaha ikr. :p er, i should think about that to. lol! but at least stayin at perak can let me concentrate more maybe?

USERNAME  that sucks

i waited for hys mcg frm 5pm juz nw but he didnt reply me  sedeh peh .

i have bad luck without a dought! 

why did i just eat al them tic-tac's  i fel to mint frsh to slep!

ive ben laying in bed for the past 3 days now! trying to get over this sicknes.  kaiser/meds/slep &amp; i stil dont fel beter. damnit.

hey! hey! you! you! i dont like ur girlfriend! no way! no way! i think u ned a new one!!!!!! 

USERNAME omg! hope thats just a rumour... 

USERNAME aw  wel don't ever change for anyone. #kepitugly and remember that you have the #mcrmy behind you :')

USERNAME URL - who is the kid with glases??? :p x

USERNAME i mis maura so much. :p and jane... i mis jane to... but mainly maura who is my hero and spirit animal.  ♥

USERNAME did jay hug you 

urgh!! my iphoto has got some problem! 

USERNAME glad it ain't just me then! facebok, tumblr, twiter and grindr run my batery to the ground! 

USERNAME i'm at home! i decided my as was to burnt to come &amp; try to sit thru schol al day, :p #dumbas ? yes!

i mis you celular 

USERNAME i had &amp; already send it, but you didnt put it online 

USERNAME chingo! any new drama  and ejnjung is new cast fr wgm 

my house is frezing 

USERNAME you can get anything delivered right to you in your bed. they're caled boyfriends :p

he want be to give him some atention ? :p

rt USERNAME: i want chil in malaysia realy frigin beautiful k URL

i think im gtn sick...   i ned smbdy to cm take of me.

USERNAME you'l make friends there, surely? d: but no money is always a bad thing.  #ifelforyou

rt USERNAME: rest in peace, aj perez.. 

USERNAME it was a stab at apleinsider :p

USERNAME lol i'l be so broke but i want one so bad 

i totaly forgot my firefly boxset. 

USERNAME hahahahahaha wa  scary. i so mised you :* sino na?? spil :p

URL USERNAME :o i couldn't eat that ... way to much :p x

USERNAME very drunk sily sundays 

headache beyond belief 

tumy ache 

USERNAME hey there bud ;) bobies :p

USERNAME col,  poland sems such a magic name :p i'm from brazil, not very proud of it...

USERNAME were peachy :p haha

USERNAME don't wory after watching the unfortunate hal situation i wil never watch top again, any update on hal? 

clas exercise: adproduct servlet, listproduct servlet, viewproduct servlet - rest we've heard of that 

USERNAME seriously , dont know 

USERNAME you caled my sister and i talked to u but it disconected please cal back at our home phone 949 857 801 please justin 

USERNAME ha not much geting ready to go to bed, its already 4 here  your lucky that's its only 1 there ;)

USERNAME unco same and unco chin! hahaha tel clara that i wana do a colab with her :p

home at last! my exhaustion is beyond my head level now 

USERNAME USERNAME i wish USERNAME was released  but music player remix is the one i use

USERNAME no! i wish i could but i have rehearsal 

omg i sudenly don't know how to dk any trigonometry questions. 

USERNAME lol i'm conscious of it most of the time, but thanks :p

i think im sick  x

i can't se USERNAME  .never mind , i'l did a second chance .

rt USERNAME: i hate it when you talk to someone every single day &amp; then al of a suden it just stops. then neither of you say a word to each other 

god bles the army i fel so bad for them right now 

USERNAME lol i'm folowing u back already sucka :p

treated rt USERNAME: i gave USERNAME a kis on the forehead friday  pimplely as :p

USERNAME katy pery's original lyrics did ned work, didn't they? :p

rt USERNAME: that c is going to kil me roughly 

USERNAME yoy yes please 

rt USERNAME: blower !!! just loked up the weather and &quot;rain rain rian&quot; mon-thursday 

so much to do but feling sickly 

USERNAME i wish! i'm at my sisters!! can we go have diner some time son i mis u girlies 

my cofe is weak this morning. 

when i ned you, you aren't always here beside me 

USERNAME yeah but yours loks amazing! 

why do i have so much to do right now  

USERNAME true. we have &lt;24hours to make this holidays worth  haha. that makes two pathetic awake souls.

nuh-uh... loleata holoway? 

rt USERNAME watching my wife and kids til i fal aslep :p ---&gt; me to

damn.. that spider was huge!!!! :o 

USERNAME yes i am are you stil gona come lightweight? u stil porly      x

USERNAME  dnt wory about it it's not a big deal it doesn't mater

rt USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ))) be prepared ... ur stalkers are ready to atack :p

USERNAME he obvs wasnt hapy cos he came to me ;) i made him hapy :l #thisisgetinginapropriate :p

USERNAME i hope you know you're making me want to cry cause you stil refuse to folow me, please folow me and make me hapy 

aw she cryin  dnt cry baby

misin my man 

#fact6 i hate being alone in my rom  its scary

USERNAME nirvana? aw there's a litle grunger dep down inside is there? :p

pork lo isiste :s 

USERNAME in them photos,are you sat at a red table,jes? :p x

mis you to ka  rt USERNAME: mis my girls very much.. --&gt; USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME (cont) URL

USERNAME oh right, awh must be hard for her then  x

USERNAME bo  i hate our stupid working paterns x

USERNAME  ok

USERNAME oh thats 01:0 am here then i have to slep 

USERNAME aw wished so to!!  next time? fly out to la asap! ♥

USERNAME bahahahahaha amazing! that guy has come up in conversation so many times this wek! no, haven't sen adam again. so sad :p

phone was siting next to my ipod. made that funy bepy noise you get when you've got an incoming text. no text  #letdown

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME wese what was to samajh na !! i am umaware of it this time  rain help help urgent charge do jaldi!

 por pl of libya, pray for them!!! • rt USERNAME: us launches first misiles inside libya - nbc news

USERNAME i hope you l be there son 

#swagin...lol jokin, ayiba faneli ama sobho ihoper rt USERNAME: this girl siting next to me is wearing ihoper 

cold and tired 

USERNAME ah i've done around the same as that! :p x

it's fre ice cream day at ben and jery's. why did the one at the mal have to close? 

USERNAME yal dnt eva ask me to go out to eat wit yal 

where the fuck is my ipod 

USERNAME i know. 

i hope the package with her mini ipod today holds her over til her party and real gift next wek 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME yeah the album for the sexiest guys on earth ^^ *the only problem is me not being #1 

omg yes! me to rt USERNAME: i mis fotbal season 

USERNAME hey! that's not fair. that's the &quot;expensive&quot; way round. i wanted some fre dating tips from &quot;a friend&quot; lol! :p ))

USERNAME she say no money lei     

life can realy suck sometimes. it can hit you square in the face. i hope my apology was enough for her, u know who you are  (nc)(j.a.g)

“USERNAME: get a new twiter picture!  — i wil. URL” i agre  i mean, i like this one. but stil :p

USERNAME i know  mam wasn't hapy and she isn't buying me a new one thinking of seling my slane ticket or something times are bad.

USERNAME waiting for my aunt and singing i'm prety sure she forgot about me! lolz :p hbu?

URL :p fre internet advertising internet advertising for smal home based mostly busineses  rugbykickof.com

ef me to ' ;( USERNAME i forgot the next part 

USERNAME means that i no ned folow liao la?!!!!! :p

USERNAME USERNAME whatever :p its al god. lol. did i mis anything exciting while aslep?

USERNAME pk ?  ♥

its not on yet  gr x

USERNAME oh realy?  when?

USERNAME i can't. my dads given my tickets to my mate that was going with me already, and i'm on total bed rest  x

rt USERNAME USERNAME hahaha i'm broke like kids toys! //   damn that's sad.... il shed a tear for you

USERNAME is a meany 

playing world of warcraft :p !!!!!!!!!!

rt USERNAME: #itsadwhen things dont go the way u want them to 

physical therapy...again  no track anymore, but once basketbal come up idc what they say i'm going to play!

my neck hurts  i think its because i was whiping my hair a lot yesterday x

rt USERNAME: polo use to be exclusive  URL

USERNAME you sir are now everywhere again. :p

 rt USERNAME gana be outside my house with USERNAME , USERNAME &amp; #daya

urgh ! i wana drink sprite float ! mis that drink 

USERNAME bro no twet and drive :p

my por sewadle 

i ned niezha and dian 

going into schol today.. :p

USERNAME dont trip i got you. kids are bad though 

omg i can't slep  and i gota stupid math test 2moro but i get friday of schol so wo xp

USERNAME hahaha ur the one posting it!!!:p it's al god! ur just in denial #okbye :p

USERNAME you slept half of your birthday away? just kiding. k~^^ oh why not so god? 

mh stomach is hurting. i didn't ned that mcdonalds... ew never again 

got tothache 

hey guys! haven't ben on in a while 

this is gona be a long night, i'm not gona be able to slep 

cheonmane  rt USERNAME gomawo rt USERNAME: minho girl :p for USERNAME URL

USERNAME wel... i gues i'm not recruited 

no #jshore is over 

mis my friend USERNAME    URL

bout to go plug my phone in on the charger since sirens are going of in monticelo..ugh. hate storms..so much 

URLfind the one about psn being hacked 

rt USERNAME: rt if u mis someone right now!!! 

and have to kep to take actions. wondering days.... 

USERNAME he is awesome isn't he. if only ted would just setle down with zoey  if only

USERNAME damn its like that 

USERNAME defo going next year ! i was so guted  + they didn't let us back2our seats until they went back2the stage ! ♥

USERNAME why are you not 7018.61 miles closer? 

USERNAME it's the easter holidays and i have to go in schol for a japanese exam, wish me luck please?  x

USERNAME sadly no prncz  aparently, the bok shop has runs out of both copy. gues, i mised the train..big time, it's alright 

USERNAME ¿eso que es?¿el ritmo inicial de &quot;we wil rock you?&quot; :p URL

sunset blvd! wo, escept it sucks how fuckin paranoid i am of geting hit again :p

i realy wana hangout with USERNAME   &lt;3

i lost 4 folowers 

once you're out, there's no coming back. :p sareh! 

and there goes the power... and oh yah more tornado sirens #super 

USERNAME i mis your crazy australian self lol can't wait to be back in the twiter game sonly :p

USERNAME true, but i thought keith decided to go through amaia's translations and saw the important link. but maybe not! :p

USERNAME not bad thanks just tired  how are you  x

rt USERNAME: you nigas jack fo beats ...we take tv networks #pow  USERNAME URL

:p URL aluminum makeup cases  a true friend makeup case

USERNAME  haha it was live :pnext wek im catchin 191 to brimsdownam i gna b on my ones????? :p

just found out what i had to wear for cedar point 

can't watch mara clara tonight. tv broken. 

#bieberfact justin loves slow dancing with girls because he can makes moves and kis her. rt if you wana slow dancing with him :p

USERNAME so lucky! hah, i wish. : { but nope i'm not.  tel everyone i say hi! heheh 

USERNAME i'm sure the weather in wi yesterday didn't help  yal were awesome last night though...*hugs*

mah i fel like pop  at least im with my girls now

USERNAME many was my favorite ranger back when he was on the team 

my nose geting biger  omg it was already huge

USERNAME what hapened lulu  ?

USERNAME wel someone's lokin for a fight :p

USERNAME agh purple :p okay, wil do when i get home.

USERNAME you're never answered my questions !! 

USERNAME i wana do 1 

USERNAME damn someone else said that to 

#np tentang rasa.. i love this song... fits with my felings today... 

my car died  now i have no car

USERNAME k :pignore amor u.u

USERNAME please please please come to the gathering on wednesday i can only go then  mum won't let me se you otherwise x

USERNAME aw, that seriously sucks :p

i gues max is my bestfriend now  :/ 

USERNAME serious? :/ okay beter not then. sigh supre buble burst 

USERNAME awh don't be haha :p wel yeah she started reading it today so0o... yeah

making brownies w no wed  lol

my banana lafy tafy smels amazing... i'm not alowed to munch it yet though 

i fel so bad , it's not fair for me 

USERNAME aw honey.  mises you to.

why? tel me please.. rt USERNAME: big no! rt USERNAME: am si kekar? :p rt USERNAME: sms gue siang hari bel

bleh. fel so miserable when i'm sick 

so much going on this wekend!!! i can't be in 5 places at once 

USERNAME haha, idk. but he never cleans, at least not this much. :p mkay... if he comes back to my rom. 

wtf?!?! USERNAME's caling fans who purchase her latest single and i did but she hasn't caled me yet..  this is not god!

why does my twiter kep saying sory! we did something wrong. try sending your twet again in a minute× :p

USERNAME u ned to rest  ,, our spring break is over ^^ i'm suposed to go today but i'm to sick :\

USERNAME  i set mine last night because i knew i would forget it this morning i'm sure it wil b on youtube son after #twerkitgrandma

so guted i didn't get to catch USERNAME and lamar last night... and i totaly forgot to record it to 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME   &lt;&lt;&lt;  why u sad thou? lol

USERNAME m3layh we take it like men xd wala if barca won ramos bythawash o arbeloa 8sama blah :p wel deserved anyway ;)

oh' wel 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: abi limitles pil 7ag el midterms 

USERNAME yeh the short one, the girl used it on me for face and body and it was fab! £28 though  x

USERNAME oh, yay! (how many jars did you buy for yourself while you were at it? :p )

arder. &amp; every time my name lights up on ur phone..wel, i'm just another girl u talk to. 

nap was short but now on the way to work til 12:45 

ik mis USERNAME USERNAME &amp; USERNAME  &lt;3 #loveyou

USERNAME i wish that was me... 

USERNAME why ... what she done now :p

USERNAME i was serious just se your reply tho  ima inbox you n tel you something

folow! :p rt USERNAME: 1 more folower til 40.. who wants to be the lucky lady/lady-boy?! ;o

USERNAME retwet me  please&lt;/3

USERNAME yup,,lumayan,, ak d basket :ptp yg sisa cma basket putrany aj,,

USERNAME they can't dm if your not folowing them but can dm you if you are :/ - it sems 

USERNAME when the gp was on our weding wekend: sucks! 4 night minimum stays @ al hotels  now - rocks!

USERNAME he's prety loud tho.. and there's les noise now :p the strokes were col 

#ichoke new ap for sa :p

USERNAME haha actualy got twiter not that i know what i'm doing :p

43. i have suspended 2 subjects  #10factaboutme

USERNAME i love u #alot no kamp for me this sumer  #depresing :'(

USERNAME where are yu 

USERNAME oh no, are you having a dry spel...wish we could send you some of the torential rains we are having in ny 

i cry when i listen &quot;sory&quot; from USERNAME 

USERNAME when? 

USERNAME she's walking already? mised it!  just got a cab!

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i think amani meant in town and loking around and dublin is a big city :p

USERNAME  whos your fav? have you ever met them before?  x

USERNAME i just wana tan naked   lmfao

so that makes you 'col' abi?.. #okaybye.... rt USERNAME: i have a cold  (n)

at schol. moped-les 

i wish USERNAME was touring in the uk 

q: lol its okay haha :p a: hehe =p: URL

USERNAME i do not like how you were not on much 

USERNAME i love u ! you're my life demetria! you're my inspiration, you make me stay strong!!!!!!!!!!! ♥ u can tel me hi?  please

USERNAME ah i try  tmr flag day *faints

yo the twiter world!! it's raining here  URL

i didn't twet that 

quack quack :p

USERNAME USERNAME ah ! then its fine  i was surprised what god i did today morning :p

reading through fashion blogs and dang! i wana raid my mom's closet for vintage clothes and go shop shop shop. 

i'm so not prepared for this jaz exam. this wil be my first bad grade.  i was on a rol.

USERNAME ok, jamer 

USERNAME oh me to, his hair is amazing. same. tna is rather boring lately though without jef. i mis him. 

USERNAME loks like im mising my conecting flight in atlanta cause of delays..supose to be tonight but loking like in the morning 

#np 2pm - heartbeat 

USERNAME what does it mean? :p

USERNAME mis you! 

rt USERNAME: lol. the #timbalandandemi has 180'0 views, the #timbalandandjoe video only 48'0 ahahaha :p

USERNAME , im sory.  but, il be at schol tomorow. 

USERNAME and this afternon so are #rovers 

i have windows 2 paint b4 #sharks game.  let'em play!  rt USERNAME: 19,942 came out to se the ref— i mean the #flyers and the #sabres.

headache 

USERNAME tryin  its not workin

USERNAME i haven't had the time to download the episodes  and they haven't come out in my tv country programs yet.

love means a lot to a girl for a guy love is nothing simply thats the word he uses the most to hurt your feling 

bo.  rt USERNAME USERNAME hm, my dad has something against me going outside the house so....malabo na papayagan ako =|

USERNAME wow, that's no fun, sory 

USERNAME calm down! you have ben playing for thre days...jez :p with time..

rt USERNAME: life so short... please cherish your love ones world. 

USERNAME please twet me, i'm revising today for my gcse's! please!?  x

USERNAME i know  . hopefuly she's ready tomorow . how's your day goin ?

USERNAME i know !  but im the type that i cant watch sumthin from in the midle , i gota catch it from the begining !

i wish we had wal-mart in australia! 

USERNAME  ...they grow up so fast :'(

realy wanted to go out now but got no penies  hm might watch a film or maybe 3 ned a late night so i can slep thru the day 

USERNAME how awful your profil picture 

i'm sick of playing games  don't you?

USERNAME why are you so adorable?! i love you so much you have no idea. 

this coursework is taking forever! 

rt USERNAME: everybody tel me that i should be hapy of this life. but, how can i be hapy if you're not mine?  #wandf

might make a personal acount :p brb......lol

USERNAME my going down there is like 2 minutes away. :p lol. you funy ah? haha.

USERNAME yes realy &amp; you don't have a phone ! no bm convos for me 

USERNAME wel i'm stil at schol just now about to sit exams  what about you?

USERNAME loli gues not, but now we can experiment in the bedrom more..  lol :p

i fel so damn perfectly unprety :p

aw my twiter budy USERNAME isn't on 

USERNAME col!!  hehe that's nice,to...but u'l have to acept al this URL ..&amp; to learn it..that's even worse :p

i wnt a job i wnt a job!!!!! ofer me a job leh! i wnt t work  )

USERNAME | #judasvideo unfortunately not today 

USERNAME lol smh  wel you lok prety familier .. kinda like the guy who sang baby .. so ima say 17 lol

USERNAME lol sory u was a second late. 

USERNAME : the largest indonesian comunity. kangen buka kaskus. 

USERNAME it's the fifth fast &amp; furious film :p

USERNAME folowers lo 

#teamdigy &amp; #jetseters tel me whatz going  on i'm bored 

ihopeyousteponlego asked: aw how horible of him!!  why are you dying?? :l haha  x URL

i have a adiction to chapstick. i refuse to have anything other than soft lips. :p

you just caled me a mark?  rt USERNAME USERNAME sean you beter sit your as down . mark.

USERNAME i can't find it on blackbery ap world. 

USERNAME i am awesome!! but not atm doing an esay that should've ben done long time ago  lol.

rt USERNAME: a litle tiny caterpilar joined me on my journey to cambridge, i've lost him now  bye mr caterpilar! thanks for entertaining me! x

sabar coy  inhale exhale. knp emang? ckck cowo lu? rt USERNAME: gp ad yg bkin emosi aj je.. =='' (cont) URL

USERNAME i know  holy fudgenuget, it's actualy ben to freaking long since we've sen eachother it pises me of d: !

yal can lok at that pic &amp; se the heavy earing !  my por ear lobes.

lmfao USERNAME makes an event for me and doesnt invite me 

USERNAME dylan is great, col and amazing but cole is awesome, handsome and funy! haha yeah he's my fav to :p

oh! i want a miniature gaudi lizard!  preferably now &amp; i'm going to name him custodio.

i realy don't fel god 

cant wait on facebok any longer. ned an early night because i ned to wake up at 6 tomorow. 

my favourite pair of socks has a hole in them 

USERNAME you started it :p i blame it on you. hahaha

USERNAME haha i know yeah? its okay i dont realy like chocolate it makes me fel sick. im geting maltesers instead :p

USERNAME no.  i live in an apartment and spend most of my time in an ofice. i fel like the pupy wouldn't be to hapy.

imym ;( rt USERNAME: USERNAME imy 

last day before i go back to kele! 

USERNAME they became famous. and she always reminded me of it :p wonder why that didn't last... :p

USERNAME haha :p maybe? it wasn't a spanish dish, just something gros so tash wouldn't eat it ;) x

USERNAME no lies neded :p lol

USERNAME it would change your life :p

USERNAME that's my shit 

im never drinking monster's again  i fel so fuckin sick

rt USERNAME dreams please quit torturing me its bad enough to think about that stuf when i'm awake  youre being very cruel to me

USERNAME .. its ruber ducky.. learn how to sing that song the corect way :p !!

USERNAME and ui customizations means htc desire. so chose what you'd like, and listen to fewer sugestions  also don't buy nokia :p

USERNAME gomem a demora  rsrsrs

rt USERNAME: my brother actualy loves USERNAME always serving her. when i say get me some water he'l say no  &lt; i'm his master lol

USERNAME i tok it of. :p

USERNAME i know you try to reply al mentions you got, but maybe its imposible. can you se my twets biebs?  3

USERNAME do you wana come here with me? i have nothing to do this whole easter break. 

USERNAME and im stuck watching fotbal with USERNAME  #noelforme

USERNAME what :o omg don't forget to get your french shits signed.  fuck that gona fuck me of even more  im so ticked of

USERNAME oh haha this explains USERNAME's twet. that's pants. maybe someone wanted to se you al in your pj's. :p

USERNAME aw  so many god times  x l

lol why do chinese guys lok god in trousers and kne length coats from the back but when they turn round disapointment 

USERNAME gosh how much i mis you!! 

USERNAME mis the moment we've spent 

#10factsaboutme 85- i'm a fob :p

USERNAME hehe :p rawr its david, that sounds col!  how you doin today then? x

jobros ? hm . when you lok me in this eyes  USERNAME #ja

USERNAME  honestly everyones ben driving me crazy and tonyas mean 

USERNAME sory we gave our spare ticket to my aunty. 

USERNAME i dont have any. 

omg i promise it wont trend!!!  #weloveariana

USERNAME god knows when that'l be then :p

trng sucked  but mr ng damn nice today. but he's sick!!!!

i am golden! se, my te says so :p URL

ia... sbenernya lu sk sabrina apa githa sih?? :p  rt USERNAME: weh USERNAME , itu lisyalicios ntuh? *justasking-asking

(¬_¬&quot;) rt USERNAME: 175 -,- USERNAME: yes! untung gue 169 :p rt USERNAME: i hope 165cm 

what a planing!! next sunday family day  bye bye amstel gold race #gesink #boerengolf

fawk!!!! the chick that does my lashes is out of town til sunday 

USERNAME i realy don't like this stefano kid. :p  col,lauren in the pimp slot. 

my love on her way to london until thursday..  i already mis her #misinglove

USERNAME wel that's our plans stufed 

bpin: 2a9a5d2   :p

rt USERNAME rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: #infolimit USERNAME is on limit now!  rt ya yang baca ;)

USERNAME i'l promote you on tumblr.. promote me back !! plsz.  i want more folowers. 

4 days to go! :p

ngapa endingnya that should be me tai amat 

i hate the rain... it make me think of yu  dang! #stupidme!

it loks like everyone forgot about japan already  kep praying

USERNAME :o only 40 hahah. d 

physics n geog ! i give up on u both 

USERNAME just chilin' atmasha inside the house. fadya :p

lmao wtf?! rt USERNAME: my friend just told me i anoy him every minute. me:  why? him: you always opose me. (cont) URL

USERNAME be a godfriend &amp; bring me junkfod  i'm sad

wel loks like its rain for rest of day 

USERNAME exactly the same, i ned to get up out of my own filth :p

USERNAME i realy wana #neversaynever. i don't wana giv up. but it sems lik u won't ever folow me. 

i sorta cleaned my rom . . . a lil ... wel i straightned up gesh :p

USERNAME one for me right??? you owe me lunch remember!! :p

i'm so sory, it just my joke  forgive me please :'( USERNAME

rt USERNAME: USERNAME trust me do did i  but i'm hapy to be in chile  mis my bo

crying over USERNAME as usual 

rt USERNAME: xi ips 2 i'l be mising you guys 

another patended chuckie century game  7 strike 189! two splits and a mised 7 pin.

having problem expresing myself... 

USERNAME hey mat god luck tonigth! hope can se the pv but i'm from mexico and i can't se on tv  i wil try online  kises

aw ... she's a #sad case lol to bad 4 her 

USERNAME sedap if i yg buat. haha :p signature hot chocolate with caramel drizle on top d why?

againt your beter judgement opened up your heart.til you found the joke's on you............*repeat* 

i fel so outa tha lop 

USERNAME just got the email. sad times  . however, excuse to have another picnic son after you are wed?

USERNAME wa siao!! sure alot people right :p

i hate being in the midle of them two 

USERNAME yeah, but i bet john kinsela didnt yel as much as i did :p

USERNAME why? 

USERNAME heck, you're close but i'm 1.6 

USERNAME USERNAME aw thanks :p

USERNAME USERNAME but i am  arent i!? 

another day 

rip sidney lumet..  wil be watching &quot;dog day afternon&quot; in memoriam.

&quot;why we qota arque? why we qota fiqht? i just wana love you i wana make it riqht&quot;  #np

USERNAME dont wory they are stil together!! but the episode is just realy sad  x

bakin' by monlight. life ain't that bad. wel, the paulaner salvator helps to.  :p

USERNAME rock on! love this song! &quot;k to the clark&quot; rocks! :p

USERNAME lol, no he fel aslep in my lap unexpectedly, only have my nephew today, other kid was in er w/ 105.5 fever this am 

USERNAME yeah  sory about the late replies. i'm a bit stresed and atempting to kep that stres fr… (cont) URL

USERNAME aw, you're so lucky USERNAME is folowing you, he's one of my favs and is the only one not folowing me on twiter  

USERNAME ncsoft related websites continue to not load for me, comcast user...ben this way mostly al wek 

USERNAME lol, awh tamn that's a shame!  love you to!&lt;3

who is on? :p

USERNAME how is the anoying going? lol are you there yet haha :p

heading home. i fel so bad. 

holymadison: i'm bumin' cuz i can't find half of the custom bikini USERNAME made me  URL

imising jersey shore ! 

so, ned him now? lol! rt USERNAME: i'm al alone in this rom. 

USERNAME hai gurl! awful  lmao, but that's to be expected! how are you darling? x

and my boyfriend is there aswel obvcourse :p

when some pl change their twitcons i forget who they are, because y'al dnt lok the same 

i cant , i just cant ! 

last day of work  i don't want to go back, it's rubish

USERNAME USERNAME ha i actualy stay in france while he goes on a trip to england  but i'l try to hide in his lugage.

volviendo a usar el twity diria juani :p

USERNAME i just got something to eat n  it was horible so stil hungry 

sem like i havent talked to USERNAME in forever 

i could realy do with a nice big glas of kinie right now.  but alas i'm not in malta anymore 

just had the most excruciating pain in my fot just there and i have no idea why!!!! 

finaly having my english breakfast! but there's no mushroms 

USERNAME lol i know cause i was such a ditz  .. sadtimes! but are you home yet?

i know!!  i mised yal and hershey!rt USERNAME: it wasn't the same without u &amp; smirf! USERNAME :-/

USERNAME yeah realy.  no ned to fel yucky al the time. 

USERNAME no problem  thankyou. i don't want anyone sad  #smile

i realy don't fel like going to schol. can i?  but i totaly duno what to do. nth to show! 

USERNAME it would be beter if cesc was in it next season as wel 

how do u take a boy that is poty training to the bathrom  #dontjudgeme!

i want the old USERNAME back! ..that's al i want for my bd 

fish stick sandwich  u made that?

USERNAME girl probably not. there's nothing realy to do anymore plus i have a big test on monday 

USERNAME damn i'm so jealous! love ashley as wel  litle bit scared of colins though...

playing colbie cailat faling for you ! :p

USERNAME have fun at sushi  lets go city when im of being grounded!

USERNAME they did when they folowed me yeah but they al deleted yesterday! 

droled al over my pilow. 

i want USERNAME at my birthday party  this year :p he sems like a fun party person. to bad i dont live in reno 

USERNAME why not 

i was folowing nike socer. i dislike nike...i wear puma :p

so glad i found a friend at blocknation.com.  i was feling lonely.  #gratitude

last day of fredom 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME yeah, and it us only as always... 

USERNAME midlesbourgh, if thats how you even spel it 

USERNAME i wish you were here so i could just go to yours  x

USERNAME hahaha very funy :p

USERNAME ben there, done that :p

USERNAME ow mised reading ur twets  its my light reading betwen clases or even during it! mwa 

i didn't get any easter egs 

USERNAME what oh? i no fal aslep.. but now i want slep leh? haha.. i lazy go orchard leh now? :p

i don't wana let you go 

USERNAME sory baby  you have me  from now k &lt;3

USERNAME oh, that's to bad swetie.. 

#shower!! :p

rt USERNAME: #imagine u cal justin. you: justin i'm not feling god  justin: dr.bieber is on his way ♥

wow!!!! lmfao rt USERNAME: dumb bitches  URL USERNAME

road closed? ya don't say... :p URL

omg net is runing so slow again  shower time again? lmfao

USERNAME hm...i don't know :p haha

 rt USERNAME: eyah pele tie rt USERNAME: uk numba rt USERNAME: whish numba? rt USERNAME: mtn pls nw, alow me 2 ad dis n

USERNAME believe me.. i want to 

USERNAME don't ever compare it to twilight! it's so far above twilight :p

watching nightmare on elm stret bored out and i'm in a prety bad mod 

i'm doing that yawny :o face.  #teamfolowback

USERNAME inshalah always, my spring break in next friday :p and alhamdualah its friday cuz tomorows the wekend  so im wel

USERNAME i wore them out once!  x

everyone's watching mk.  but me. i can't believe i'm mising mk! i wil watching later in youtube  hehe.

rt USERNAME: i'm stil up doing this paper...this al nighter... wasn't that sucesful cause i'm stil working on this crap  i just wana slep!

i just want to hold my bear til i fal aslep... but i left it at the old apartment  i gues a pilow wil have to do

USERNAME i haven't heard #generationlove yet. 

USERNAME mayb yur wish wil come true son :p

USERNAME yes of course (?) #abaikan :p

USERNAME oh nothing.. :p nevermind ;)

rt USERNAME: the relationship stages;- :p  ;)  ♥ :@ :|  :'(

USERNAME ah i just can watch kbs world 

USERNAME oh, that would be hard. 

i cant get through to jack, which means 1. hes on his bike 2. hes pised at exhibition park :p

USERNAME i've got more twets :p

USERNAME our schol doesn't want a gsa 

USERNAME you felt fine for a wek, then spiraled into a depresion much worse than when you were on the meds. :p

USERNAME yeah agre ~ but he wont come back unles there's stil a miracle. we just live with his empty place in suju  

i have an aching feling in my chest... 

wait. yes, i hate it. jsjsjksbdijs i want my clothes back  al like 5 pieces!! clothes = #mydrug

gota love the sunshine...shame i got work in an hour 

wel i have left cairns  and moved to mount isa right in the midle of out back aus  hm it realy isn't that bad

USERNAME ight what you wear in tongs lol :p

USERNAME ya no twiteas tan seguido 

victor contesta el pin  USERNAME

ah im buzin and no one wants to talk to me 

USERNAME one does..ah developments..someone else fancies me. and he's buters :/ i want tha fity 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME haha il be sad, but im a fan of the game dog, theres always something to watch #unlestheresalockout  lol

eh beware beliebers, i'm tweting al of bieber's pics that i find @ tumblr. :p

USERNAME james they cut me saying your col out  i was wel sad 

USERNAME hahaha so would i! let me know how that goes :p

i like when i get caled sabrinarae more than ugly as , sabrina :p

USERNAME stop making empty threats, slownes :p

USERNAME it makes him special. :p

USERNAME no, i had to mis it.  any highlights i should know about? 

why do al your close friends live so far away and then your 'friends' live right near you 

USERNAME ah  nvm, tonight or wad! must listen can le!! 

USERNAME dag you just ruined my celebrity status.. 

USERNAME ahaha ! alright , now i'm completely discouraged 

morning^^yesterday i got zero german done cos family were over today wil be busy ~

USERNAME wel gez... i'm here! :p

 dey seperated me from my bes fren.

USERNAME i'm kiding :p i think it's the ugliest name &amp;' everyone has it -_- my mother's retarded . lol

i am a litle bit insane today ! :p

USERNAME i'm al alone at my house &amp; bored! 

USERNAME unfortunately no  did you?!

USERNAME your lame :p

USERNAME it'l be okay. here, junie wants to make you fel beter... as a friend. :p URL

USERNAME i wil :p

my friend was crying but she dont want to tel me what was hapened 

USERNAME wow. realy. that's terible. 

she said she is down for a date saturday. cal sucesful? i think so :p

USERNAME tonguester!  its so late for you :p

USERNAME hahaha, i come back bcus got extra holiday :p i got holiday in june, se u then ?

argh! roach in my kitchen! 

USERNAME this defo aplies to me aswel!! ha ha :p

#headache so bad right now fel like a lil man doing donuts in my head 

jst up and not hapy  ... fuck uefa w.a.t.p &lt;3

its ment to rain were i am tomorow  (USERNAME live on URL)

my comp won't let me respond on twiter...says over capacity! 

USERNAME you did wel to stretch al the way to the other chair. :p

and i'm to sick to hit up the last club social  next time

USERNAME it's on git, so fel fre to fork &amp; send puls if you have something done/working  let me know when you start on smth tho :p

 rt USERNAME: arh...*beg hug* rt USERNAME: had a dope day with bo @ sandton city! sad thing he's gone back to rtb.. (cont) htp

USERNAME hey! i think we can show you something realy col this may or june ;) maybe you want to cover it on tc, realy :p #jk

USERNAME no one was taking pictures of him so i felt kinda weird. he was on the box a lot in from of me so i dnt want ti  i  ...

USERNAME i strugle with the whole concept of f &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;#loser 

my thighs hurt 

dats why u get late to ofice sometimes :p :p hai na :p :p joke tha :p rt USERNAME: morning sex is d best unles ur in prison........

USERNAME but i live in brampton and i'm on twiter atm and i sen it 

USERNAME seriously though i cant listen to anythin else i kep going back to them songs :p

USERNAME stil tired? me to  stres? doing to much?

USERNAME same, ima gona mis yu luba lip   come on, il except a lie this time!

its ben a slow weks for andromedas since the end of supa luv's promotion... please make a comeback real son USERNAME ... 

USERNAME of course! ;d i'l text you back later this evening, in the proces of tidying my mesy bedrom :p

who want's folowers?! :p you should try URL ! it gives me folowers automaticaly #teamfolowback

USERNAME huy 

USERNAME aw  why are you in a shit mod al of a suden? ha

USERNAME my baby has ben aslep for like the past 45 minutes :p

USERNAME my mom died from brain cancer 7 weks ago..i mis her so much and this easter is very hard 

about to cry at the fact i've lost my thomas sabo skul charm  

busy as hel! sory for the lack of twets and articles! :p

there's a fly in my rom 

man wana go outside but i dont have a reason to 

head hurts so much! 

USERNAME damn girl , you didnt go to none of the games 

my username has ben taken by jely 

USERNAME USERNAME wish i could! but foiled by a 5 year old's birthday party that i can't ditch (family)  

USERNAME why not chil with the girls sexist!! :p

it's so nice outside, i don't want to go in and pack 

what the heck! i go to clas to se bc nd he's not here!!!!!!!!! 

aw  join the club #teamnoslep rt USERNAME ugh...i hate when i itake a nap then can't go back to slep

USERNAME the one dolar in cash i had to my name...is in my jacket i left at dani house  ...#losing

oh shot! 

don't lok at any of those pics 

i'd much rather be laying by the pol than loking at it while i'm on the eliptical 

USERNAME bery is down and out  wah so weird being on twiter on a comp :p i realy mised it!

&quot;just because something isn't hapening for u right now doesn't mean that it wil never hapen.&quot;- thats my quote for you not folowing me :p

bye bye honeypot. west st wil be greyer without you 

i hate when he say he gota cal me back. no. i wana talk you now 

lol siting at home alone with my prom dres, while i should be at prom  so pathetic

tides got old but is stil okay 

rt USERNAME: seriously, her dres is a lil' racy no? USERNAME  #royalweding :p #getingintoit

USERNAME USERNAME i cant upload the site 

okay, shal wait til my mum come back only eat diner. :p

ben is realy realy sick  maybe he should have listened to me last night when i told him to take medicine :p

night, urg what's he going to cal me about? i prayit's not about mum and dad being incapable again...  -rebeca

knapa km mrs.galau 201 .. ? rt USERNAME: pon  :'(

i hope not 

aw  the  dude, loked sad geting of the train.... i fel extra bad now  . . . shesh.

pbnj have fun....we gota catch up asap  kinda mis u rt USERNAME: USERNAME milcreak

USERNAME mised it ...  but loking forward for more of ur events ... (hope i can join ur next event ... )

USERNAME yeah :p

USERNAME luckily were not on the exams part yet, but days are just so heavy when the subject requires more mental work than ever. 

USERNAME now i am loking contacts that they enjoy harypoter :p

hanging out with my besties hope i can be friends with my old bestie  wish me luck! going to se him by 'surprise' &amp; also seing my bf&lt;3

USERNAME don't leave australia ! 

USERNAME it's the only way to be :p lol

my mouth hurts 

no krosfyah for me tonight...this migraine isn't givin me any relief 

to many things going through my mind... 

i fel like watching a movie... i just don't have any god ones 

USERNAME i have an easter eg for you! when are you coming back to la?  haha

i have a masive irish test 2moz &quot;gulp&quot; 

nope, i sat in al day, and cried when man united got beat  (USERNAME live on URL)

back in champaign 

losing folowers. y u no folow me anymore. im col. 

i wish you were like me, so that these diferences wont pul us apart. 

sike.. :p rt USERNAME: i'm #agreatfriend 

#ruleswhenhavinsex pul my hair and dominate me! cause that the only time its alowed! :p

USERNAME you're phone makes me laugh. it turns of al the time and dies every hour it sems like. :p hahahaha

dresin up as dorothy for the stret party, what am i thinking  do lok kinda cute tho..

thought buble: &quot;as of today in know what i want &amp; its not you, sory!&quot;  it is what it is! 

no basketbal today... 

URL no one is comenting. 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: im jealous of the people who can se you everyday 

USERNAME i didn't vote for pia because she was so god, thought she would be safe  

USERNAME my phone 

rt USERNAME: i mis the old days 

61542406#$rt USERNAME *dials your number* lol rt USERNAME rt USERNAME i wana talk to #omf   cal him

USERNAME t gona have anything so ye'. just forget i exist this wek i gues :p

ouch , this is burning my tongue 

i have ben out of work for a wek now!!. and i am on cdg thats not god at al  x

if u die ur internet friends wil be the last to know :p

rt USERNAME: me to  rt USERNAME: kinda bored ugh

USERNAME i know. 

USERNAME i know it sucks don't it? i wana break up! 

USERNAME so you do a lot without me 

please, don't go 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME my but cheks hang out. lol i'm going to return them 

there are a bunch of guys playing basebal in the courtyard....i wonder when they'l break a window :p

wil met my friends rt USERNAME: what wil you do there ? rt aimaslim: i'l go to sms  rt USERNAME: tidurlah masa ujan²nan

have to work today. 

i've aplied to 6 starbucks, petco, and stil plenty more to go... i ned a job in seatle 

just got back for ice skating! did prety wel for my first time except faling over and burning my kne 

USERNAME  i thought kendal was going to ask him :/ but whatever

USERNAME uhm. i think you forgot USERNAME. :p

montre tes yeux ! on te vois pas :p (USERNAME live on URL)

lolrt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: &quot;USERNAME: mert USERNAME: hu wuld b @ elegushi 2dae??&lt;&lt;hehe...&quot;jst jokin o&lt;&lt;  

argh…i can't wait to get my toth fixed #ouch #kaching 

i gues our prank didn't work 

USERNAME youre to busy for me na 

i got it in ny after spending the entire day shoping with my mom when i tok her out there for her bday wekend. now its gone 

it's not pek-a-bo. it was rob geting frustrated  rt USERNAME: pek-a-bo rob!:3 URL

stupid writer's block  i haven't had homework in almost a year! USERNAME #nine1

USERNAME mumi i just noticed that you cal  USERNAME &quot;my roro&quot; which makes me a lil jealous! 

rt USERNAME: last day in manila  what a great audience last nit! best way 2 end a tour! thank you so much for al the gud vibes! we'l be back!!! ;-) g

USERNAME aw that's sad 

i got 20 ++ twets how about you ? pork :p

i mis my baby 

wah ! why am i here so early  ugh i shouldn't have even come. ready for my mom to come get me haha

USERNAME  oh lord ! ..am i drunk :p it cant be my weding ! um what do i do ?  x

USERNAME ah but i'm without computer 

twiter picture change  me and ma main rof pupy teachin hte hater sum maners :p .:!.:!nuclear!:.!:.

USERNAME USERNAME im prety sure we went to mcdonalds about 6 times wek before last :p

ow USERNAME ow.. ow may gad.. 

USERNAME no, season 1 finale :p

USERNAME heya hun, im here just got back from skl (which started tday  lol x how r u?? x

USERNAME lol get shoping :p

USERNAME you said you'd folow me 

USERNAME omg! realy! wop!  i  thought it would be like 10 weks for it to start again :p hows your holidays going? 

had fun watched 'dear john' while eating popcorn! #nom. but that film is the sadest thing!  couldn't help but cry. n'awh! love it.&lt;3

USERNAME yes, i am going but i thought it's on 23rd. 

USERNAME  reply to my text!

USERNAME and you never told me 

do you ever fel that everything you say and do wil never be god enough for people 

um, wtf? bus driver just got #lost taking us back to la!! i ned to pray at the alter of #wedjesus asap :p

do you hate when your walking alone at night and you h… — yes! scares me  cause its hapened before! ah my g… URL

she don't believe in me.. 

anyone wana chat? 

rip baba | my condolences to the believers 

 can i cry? ohmygosh.

USERNAME just thought you'd be impresed by the power of the people ;)don't se no comons or ben davies trends :p x

no more baby oil 

USERNAME oh and i'm sory  i hope you fel beter

people plz folow im desperate 

boyfriend. what part of &quot;we'l have nothing to eat unles you leave me money for shoping&quot; did you not understand? 

woke up with a crazy sore throat 

USERNAME don't say that   ,

USERNAME please do not cal me b it reminds me of a buble be ''/ and nothing watching simpsons its so cold! 

stupid rotator cuf isn't acting right. going to dr today to get it checked out. 

i know i mis you to! schols over, i beter se you. rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME ah, i mis yal dearly 

USERNAME ah i thought u meant male twins  *cries* i love twins 

rt USERNAME: i've always wanted to go on a date to the carnival.. but it never ends up hapening. 

USERNAME my not skiny.. i'm smal 

USERNAME bastard is an album by tyler, the creator. you can dl it at odfuture.com :p

“USERNAME: USERNAME lol 3/10 stop it” being serious ... just bulshit... served on a plate 

i so wish i had a spontaneous boyfriend 

USERNAME im sory ive ben busy so i couldnt realy catch up with y'al! 

USERNAME what colege work? you are worying me 

USERNAME  what's up w/ u guys skiping milwauke? did u not have fun last july? my friends &amp; i are realy bumed 

USERNAME we r awesone, random, bi-polar, belieber, lazy-as , twiter frends!!! lmao &lt;3 :p   bahahaha

USERNAME oh ned a real one  sads have got me 

USERNAME aw we mad this for nothing then !  URL

hm mnum nt obat dr dokter rt USERNAME: USERNAME demam ka  sist

USERNAME it's terible 

USERNAME just crushed me and USERNAME 's dreams 

its so cute :p

only managed to watch part 1 of it.  whatever~~

i don't fel so god! 

USERNAME you not 10% sure?? :p x

oscar mayer lunchable and coke from snack machine downstairs..... i fel like a kid again lol :p

gog :p URL linkedin reaches 10 milion members, ipo iminent

*cryin* this hard man 

no longer a waiting game.. she couldnt make it  x

USERNAME could you dm me ?? i'm curently mody and dont want to be on the phone. sory... 

di on the spot shaf :'(rt USERNAME: dimana bel??  *mjbrt USERNAME: ini kenapa ada cuplikan inter vs bayern?sedih gue

i ned tickets for USERNAME's concert. 

#thingsimis late night phone sex with USERNAME. 

USERNAME just as i wake up  gnite hun

USERNAME that just sucks. 

can't wait for tomorow... first i ned to stay up and finish this asignment 

USERNAME wel that depends on the bus USERNAME is traveling on! :p

pantes....  rt USERNAME: suhu jakarta sore ini 3.6°c hang on there felas.. fiuh...

met cute litle charlie and big harley my dogs back home in england! i mis them so much! x  URL

USERNAME that's god  lol! what you on then? al tired out? i'm knackered went swiming to :p x

USERNAME do somthinq ? :p

USERNAME shit im craving for tepayanki / sushi.! lame xmakan those delicious fod 

USERNAME haha what hapened to bring it on :p

USERNAME let's dance by miley cyrus and rock star by hanah montana :p #guiltypleasures

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME the 3ds batery realy kils is portable options though 

USERNAME yes shes fine! but she said tuscalosa is destroyed 

USERNAME my phone died 

USERNAME choqe ptm 

USERNAME USERNAME i no u are goin to london to c the mcrmy but me and ma cuz can't get there  we realy want to met u we worship u

USERNAME, USERNAME yea i'm fre just woried about i'd 

my throat is kiling me 

so much to say in such a litle time 

USERNAME dude, portal 2 is out, play it. :p

can you give me a shoutout please :p (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME left  i wana cry!!!!!!!  cant wait to se him do great things with his music i wil always be a big suporter 

USERNAME i'm sory  ben there many times! hang in there!

sometimes i wana give up.. i wana give in.. 

USERNAME  not sure :p maybe? depends on what best buy's techs say

USERNAME yay! so pleased for you! we were up at 4 

USERNAME thank you  it's like i'm swalowing glas this morning  yuky

dear USERNAME, i haven't fs you in ages, have to change that asap! :p

USERNAME ohokay. show of uh. tsk. my mum don wan celebrate ... nt fair 

USERNAME please folow me  i've ben waiting since 2010  #indonesiawantsgreyson !

the thing that kinda sucks is that i am performing thursday and i don't think i wil have my flute back by then  it usualy takes them

night friends!i wont twet tmrw for sure! :p 

rtUSERNAME: mis the hair flip - is it only me who’s starting to mis justin’s hair flip? o.o URL - i mis it to 

yep, i'm playing it safe today :p

i realy wish i could go to USERNAME USERNAME and USERNAME concert on the 9th 

i'm taken lol USERNAME dear USERNAME did you know you belong to sarahlvsboys its true! your weding is boked for 2012 that okay? :p

USERNAME i rly dunwan to study chem man!! ah!! 

wish i could have gone to potbelys tonight  #justiceforj

rt USERNAME: USERNAME you guys ned to give me a code... that's the way  prodigy wil have a tough guy to beat... (and it'l fail) :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME its like u no ah shbam!!!! hahah awesome times :p

USERNAME i'm actualy about to watch block b's mv. :p

cant wait to learn piano again after olevels :p keke~~~~

rt USERNAME: i used to love fri-days... until i heard rebeca black 

i may give up halfway but oh wel :p

why is it taking so long to deliver my new iphone  waiting sucks!

USERNAME *runs after with evelish laughter on da background* :p

USERNAME lmao!! i'm serious that shit v making me forget abt txts i mis my blkbery 

USERNAME sory i cant be there !! hapy birthday stil !!! 

seriously, rain and clouds can make people so angry... sad 

USERNAME bout what the dream was??? and fine just a lil nervous :p lol

don't you hate when you become close to people from a long distance &amp; then you have to leave! 

another day without her!  i ned her!

USERNAME nice ;) i just love gimp, that's why i rt'ed, couldn't help myself :p

USERNAME smh it's something you already know about  no god as nigas

#triste  #textraño :s

ima be speakin giberish al day 

USERNAME whoah! :p

USERNAME cause comic relief suports abortion etc  x

rt USERNAME: talking to you is part of my daily routine, without it, i`m sad  #ilf

USERNAME don't talk about twiter on fb bro :p

USERNAME chers! aple martini e? haven't tried.. sems yumy! :p

is everyone having a bad day 

my computer has ben puting his dick in diseased pusy now he is infected its caled a condom man now i have to take care of him 

USERNAME that may be a while :p

back to reality  no!!!

USERNAME uh, what? lol :p

okay note : chad =&gt; smely mickey and i am... spontaneous xd — ...... and 'special' :p URL

oh no  i had the chance to go to the j.bieber concert on saturday with USERNAME, but it doesn't work ((((

USERNAME USERNAME yes no replacement. i didn't drive, my keys were atached to my walet and i lost al of it  #shithapens

USERNAME lmao but nah i didnt get to  but i enjoyed myself

USERNAME i gues but i have the urge to do it again 

USERNAME so do u 

USERNAME  no, i just tried and only got to about 4 secs

my folowers [girls] are so damn prety *_* i couldn't stop staring at their icon ;d wop wop that's not mean i'm a lesbian :p

can you folow USERNAME  ? i folowed you ...  :p

rt USERNAME: i mis USERNAME already 

USERNAME lol  stop USERNAME diagnosed me today as being sexualy frustrated!

USERNAME hahaha ya realy duno how to find out stuf on gogle :p

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: stages of a relationship =   :p ;) &lt;3 ;p xd :| :/ :s  :'( &lt;/3 #damnitstrue

USERNAME have u become a mormon? the bobie pics are becoming very short in suply 

realy woried about her marine bio grade 

USERNAME al day its ben like this 

watching wristcuters: a love story. god so far! :p

USERNAME 

i lose so many folowers 

maria cnt go back 2 slep  since lik 5 in tha mornin -_-

i have to force myself to slep . got schol in the am ..  gone get a phone konvo popin b4 doe :*

USERNAME  wel what else is neded

tantis!!!! asked 4 chocolate cake, got a burnt cake..! 

i understod why there are many american growing fat. american dishes are adictive... actualy, i mis them a litle :p

rt USERNAME: my 12,0 twet goes to.. USERNAME :p USERNAME  ;) USERNAME =d and USERNAME , y'al go f o l l o w t h e m !!!

USERNAME dont! dont do that!  :p

USERNAME :p knt gam al3b ps3 o twny shfta

USERNAME you to huh? and why you didnt txt back... 

ay dios . my back is kiling me 

kangen joey houck  my exfbf

first 3 hrs of no longer having a vehicle &amp; i already fel like i'm about to go crazy 

USERNAME USERNAME now i love some  #4sqchat #blogchat #journchat #u30pro #prstudchat, but they aren't more important than clases :p

i felt uncertain at this time 

USERNAME i know right they want everything they should be blody grateful for what they get i couldnt get al that 

rt USERNAME: bin laden never did. now it's to late.  USERNAME: has anyone tried the new limited edition pop-tart flavor wild bery blom?

 [like it? URL ]

USERNAME haha, baby brain in ful efect... fel that!!!  mace has ben awesome but woke at 6am this morning  oh wel...

USERNAME can't watch cus the sound is broken  but i bet you did amazing!(: i'l rt ox

USERNAME had two ham, chese and letuce sarmies on the steps of a church near my work :p #rome.

USERNAME hey. i didn't have practice so i wanted to go to your cantata but i didn't know where it was 

manchester utd. out of fa cup, real madrid drew with barca n now r on d verge of consecutive defeat by d hands of kr !!! oh man...  

rt USERNAME: USERNAME what we want and what our corupt govt is providing us share this with every one!!  URL

USERNAME anything? :p dont just wana be sat in garden doin nowt :p lmao rave in daylight ;)

USERNAME. mine didn't work 

damit... i was thinking today was thursday and was loking forward to seing dave and the guys on idol tonight. what a disapointment 

USERNAME USERNAME regular or wine lol i done had to many grapes 

 thats realy ruined my easter and bank holidays. just wanted to do something god for someone else.

USERNAME know the feling. and they always make the loudest noises at 6am 

USERNAME  i know you do.. mi momy is going to orlando next sunday  and i have to stay w/ my grandma -.-'

aw damn, i knew this shit was gona hapen ...... i want chick fil a 

USERNAME haters.haters would!! as holes 

#twiterof  no puedo mas 

i just dnt get it #lost 

this fuckin' headache is kiling me ! 

watchin the new brain surge with USERNAME next!!!!! cant wait!!! :p

USERNAME lol about im ur height! psh nica u 5ft! joke :p and same here ! kinda mis ur presence lol x

i had a special day today )) but my boy wasn't there and that made me sad 

i hate when it rains ; the wormys come out   just put towels in front of the dor!

USERNAME  i wish i was there so i could take y'al

USERNAME   it sucks i know  how are you babe ?

i wish USERNAME would notice me 

omg photoshot ended early and ive got no where go til 730pm. save me! 

USERNAME mhm  it might (beter be) fixed by then tho

just okay  and i'm ah alright  i liked our convo on aim ;) — me to URL

USERNAME nice! i stil haven't had the chance to light mine yet! :p

rt USERNAME yay, i'm fresh &amp; clean! don't stop raining 

USERNAME that's weird  but im going downstairs, cuz im stil in my bed haha :p so talk to you later &lt;3

wel, i dozed of listening to music for les than an hour. my insomniac brain says, hey that plenty, let's get rolin'. blah, fuck . 

USERNAME eu to eu to 

USERNAME ahah...i absolutely i agre with that!!\m/ haha :p

USERNAME thats not god  i'l be recording it and puting it on gam  x

the relationship stages - ;) :p   ♥ :@ :|  :'( &gt;:o

USERNAME USERNAME do you guys ever do any work, or are you always just riding around town drinking cofe, eating, and having fun? :p

omg, i dont get math :/ i thought fractions are easy til he told us to do that model thingy.. 

USERNAME never caled 

USERNAME mr obama please give me a gren card! i want to live in the usa  i'm serious!

USERNAME lol cane and dentures?! you're so sily! :p

so not motivated......erebody left me!!!! 

USERNAME cause its so hot 

USERNAME lol! sory my bad :p

USERNAME  how cud u think such a thing :o

today's match is fixed... and everybody knows that :p

urgh i wana scream 

USERNAME haha awh im so sory  you can tel your joke if you want lol

USERNAME let behind what hapened yesterday, it was just a bad day,you wil have beter ones. dont leave me 

i'm always being bulied by these boys 

ugh, two metings tomorow. a truly harsh monday morning! am preping for it now 

an hour later :p

USERNAME whos a bad monster 

USERNAME im so sry dear...  i hv nvr forgoten u.. my mother was sick and was taking care of her... i'l twt u as much as i can.. 

was so hapy, found out that i cud  met USERNAME then i find out its not in england, and he stil wnt twet me 

USERNAME yup... feling like we wil finish second botom. gezo i fel sick! 

aw darnit my sister said she wont come tc with me 

USERNAME agred. uy 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME i so mised out  x

ew this faty just farted bolke 

USERNAME me to  im a bit tired today wel a lot haha i got up so early  and i ve ben doing homework al afternon

USERNAME yeah, i never realy got into the show except watching some random khuntoria episodes. and i never saw the op. 

it's cold outside ! 

USERNAME wel u know i have no mom...so i ned to be adopted 

last year i got my bug painted for my bday this year my mom said dodgey was my early present i hope she wasn't serious 

sudenly so excited for tomorow jam :p

i wana go to the beach but its raining 

94. i'm intimidated by first years. they're usualy taler than me 

USERNAME it was a biq as tornado. 

USERNAME okay i'l bring the cream to :p actualy excited to do it! haha &amp; ah 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME sary  il make it up to you next time i se you

USERNAME yes 

rt USERNAME: por gwanghe  becuz of ankle injury, he couldn't join other members onstage but!!! he ... URL

rt USERNAME: sauna (steam rom)  is closed 

i want normal eyesight! 

those days are gone... 

i gues i was the mesy romate last night. 

USERNAME you like those? they give me headaches 

i was in the car when lightning struck.    damit,  USERNAME USERNAME

haha USERNAME who's USERNAME? haha come on belabals i'm disapointed that u forgot my twiter name 

rt USERNAME: the hangover: part 2! on may 26th! ---------------------------------------- not!!!! moi only ned to se the credits to ban this one! :p

USERNAME i think i be stresn out.. my hair is al broken of and damaged 

USERNAME  lol did you start listening to a dul science after my bonfire? :p u shud lok up USERNAME  &amp; USERNAME

maui's lahaina stables morning, lunch, sunset horse trail rides cal #808-67-2 or visit URL say godbye 2 &quot;tayler&quot; 

USERNAME USERNAME gota do some shoping now  play...talk later, ladies

USERNAME lol nothing 

USERNAME oh. okay :p

i have a bad headache. 

USERNAME gue abis liat adek gue yg cewe, she's so beautiful  but she moved back to sydney..

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ok! convinced :p

smh...no clas  rt USERNAME: damn savages drinking in work parking again. some as tok a crap on the asphalt.

USERNAME i know  what is it without me right lmfao jk, how's the bus ride ?

USERNAME it was stupid to open the link ;) it's not your fault swety! :p

USERNAME lowbat,huhu 

as if i mised any chance of geting a twet of USERNAME because my mum wanted to show me some fela faling over 

wil USERNAME ever folow me  x

haha watchin #icarly haha fredies a vampire? :p lmao he loks beter then edward culen! hahaha jkjk lmao rob pat..is beter! lol

USERNAME hi! i thought about it and USERNAME convinced me to stay on here. :p haha.

she's seductive. she does it wel! :p

USERNAME oh hm idk lah. everythings so hard. im losing everything now 

and i think i'm gona do the same if u don't save me!!  rt USERNAME: *spoiler alert* it ended with suicide. rt USERNAME: so bored...

*puts mines in* rt USERNAME: *takes penis out* rt USERNAME my jaw just cracked... realy loud.  oh no

thinking of not going to schol....  but no where to go 

USERNAME totaly! he was my skins' crush so far and wel that was sad but wel now let's hope rich not to be the kiled in season 5 :p

drink water! rt USERNAME: me not  rt USERNAME: me to! rt USERNAME: ful!

every girl is the same under al the make up, fake smiles, upset tears &amp; laughter, she just wants someone to love her. 

USERNAME over here, with my canadian acent, saying eh, as much as posible... :p lmao, canadians are al the same.

tap the mic then bish rt USERNAME: USERNAME smh i want him to wake up 

USERNAME oh no thats sad !!! and today comes ur familiy right ? oh i want to come why i live so far from u 

weks :p rt USERNAME: hahahaha betul betul betul rt USERNAME: dr pagi nih saya..  rt USERNAME… (cont) URL

USERNAME gw sdih lho liat video u itu.. 

i lost a folower 

the drumer that i created a band with is performing tonight but sadly i won't be able to se him 

sucker punch.... could have ben so much more 

USERNAME no..but you could try :p

its ohkay dady's here haha (: rt USERNAME woke up cause i had a scary dream eh 

USERNAME me &amp; USERNAME  can't wait! :p

USERNAME hey hey!! nice meting you to! i had to leave  but enjoy!! we should conect on fb ! can't wait to check out your music!

USERNAME hahaha. sory-that sucks  but it's funy. you didn't mis much though (i.e. a logical unraveling/answers to al your questions)

USERNAME nialer my sisters friend works in nandos and gets it for fre im so jelous of him  x

USERNAME  i sowy.. johny give you strip tease later? d

USERNAME i'l kil you oh!!!! he's prety and angelic and he's not meant to hav a pepe 

rt USERNAME: everytime i have to set my alarm for schol after the wekend i die a litle inside  #isitsumeryet?

i want a car 

but i'm nothing to him 

USERNAME hahaha :l, its al i can aford  x

USERNAME i know...isaiah was up the whole night 

fuck you migraine, don't come back 

fine don't reply 

rt USERNAME: &quot;USERNAME: i want a new tato asap&quot; tato adict lol &gt;&gt; i only have two uno 

USERNAME me to!! 

USERNAME i'v never even heard of them 

USERNAME pq chato? 

gez whats goin on...losing folowers like crazy right now. 

my baby is no longer a baby  URL

USERNAME i said it just for fun.. :p not to make you sad 

hsap was prety easy! , ready ta go home! 

USERNAME :p you to

i never ate since lunch  i'm hungry but to lazy to make fod 

USERNAME hahas lin i totaly ned to exercise to but i cant get myself to start 

my head is stil sore 

USERNAME then went to ideal :p hahaha.

USERNAME USERNAME aint today a friday and it's non so you should start warming up for the partay tonight? :p

USERNAME aw! thank you1 im god! just frustrated with hw!  how are you?

USERNAME  feling blue...

USERNAME yeah i se it, frezing cold to :/ hope you'l survive :p if you se the band, ask mikey to kep you warm ;) xd

outside loking at the stars thinking what ima do with my fucked up life 

rt USERNAME: aku mau semua movie mu pls  rt USERNAME: both movies are completed so..... which movie should i watch first? m, hop! ;)

i wish i wasn't sleping alone 

USERNAME baha  theyre going to be loking at tities on omegle -_-

where were you when i neded you most? 

ugh... nausea 

powerpoint lg aduh cape gw 

USERNAME lol . i thought u got mad :p hihi . whatcha up to brotha?

rt ! USERNAME: mines to  rt USERNAME rt USERNAME my tumy hurt

USERNAME d: lololol :p

USERNAME #americanidol wil shock you...and not in a god way 

USERNAME aw its an amazing programe x also i was so guted the other night vampire diaries ended and wont be back til april  

wish i was in cochela yesterday 

a #shoutout to USERNAME (: go folow her, cause i said so! :p

USERNAME ya it is  but i've found places that sel vegetarian and vegan fod so i gues it's fine ^^ come back damn skiny&amp; malnourished

tumy ache! no more candy for me 

mouth ulcer 

im al out of cofe ~k.t. k(:

i got stacks on stack on stacks.....but they al go to bils  lol

rt USERNAME: rt if your rom neds some cleaning.... :p

USERNAME and i got a hd in my sociology test a few years ago. :p

USERNAME omg just mean  mine wasn't mean, just funy lol

i just thought....a mage late actualy calms me!!!!!! aw 

gah... maths is the hardest subject  why you no give me english homework, schol?! ;)

who was the best bos you've ever had? — my dad :p URL

USERNAME riteo, i'l be ringing you later on tonight :p

my baby niece pased away 

i'm sick can't breathe nose kep runin...so i'm in a bitchie mod 

USERNAME i hope you lose the bet :p

USERNAME sounds like ground hog day! :p

USERNAME  oh god! wtf! wel... now u know he can save u :p

rt USERNAME: just when i try and simplify my life, things get so complicated 

dont understand to create this one 

why do my sisters fel the ned to wake me up so early 

what da hel... delay again fcuk !! 

my twiter timeline is making me sad with al of these #sxsw twets... so i'm going to take my lame as to bed 

huhuhu me to☹☹rt USERNAME: aw man i'm mising the royal weding special hosted by USERNAME and USERNAME 

now its gona be hard for USERNAME to notice me now with #9milionbeliebers 

USERNAME  i won't se you!!

ah pins and nedles 

gle latest ep is out! after studying a bit in the afternon, i can rest right?! :p

#omf didn't text me back 

24. i'm the most jealous and bitchiest girl ever :p #10factsaboutme

i figured since we are friends on fb and folowing each other on tumblr why not ad twiter to the mix USERNAME? :p

oh my god! that fire in soma yesterday like burned down my old apartment    URL

USERNAME aw, no fun or trouble? lol. :p

dear baomu USERNAME can help me ask ms anthea if we have clas tonight? i caled/sms no reply 

USERNAME awh col  i just had schol 

USERNAME , wil you plan on dm'ing and folowing your fans +me?  ! ♥ ily, canada loves you!. ! notice me!  #askariana 159

these 10 years are gona be kiler 

USERNAME fancy folowing me? though not  x

USERNAME alah , you pro ma . i more on fb want :p

ion got no shoes !!!! 

if i get mad caus you tel me you goin to slep #iwantedthatdick 

USERNAME i don't know either :s i thought i did but realized i was thinkin bout that other terorist :p

USERNAME how was ur shoping day? al the shoes i wanted didnt come in my size 

USERNAME to bad! 

USERNAME i wish you were here  idk what's gona hapen tonight..

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :l i'm burnt though  not as much as USERNAME 's nose  but you tan easy ;d

USERNAME bo!!  sory preds!! how did drunky's stunt go?

i wish my mom would get up and take us to get something to eat! 

rt USERNAME: rt oficialy confirmed: justin bieber and rebeca black to do a song together  URL #blackplague

loking forward to yoga later and then an exciting meting wish my stomach would get beter though  i have even cut out cafeine!!!

USERNAME i knw man &amp; it qota qo im a baby 

USERNAME yo tmbn 

USERNAME omg u have no idea how tempted i was to just reach into that picture and grab it! it's a sad time i'm in now. i'm grieivng 

USERNAME hahah i know but my mom wont let take the sleping pils  we're only 6hours apart &lt;3

USERNAME was your 8th grade trip a east coast / washington dc trip? my schol didn't hit up ny  bo! lol.

just the thought of another diploma mock at the begining of next month-_- there's no way i'm going to pas this course, sob! 

USERNAME haha i know the feling thats how my last pair of sunglases went 

hm i fel a litle sick 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME cause i was bored of the name :p

USERNAME what hapend? ahay 

the way my fringe has grown out is emotional 

my teth hurt...ouch 

rt USERNAME:  my depest condolences to aj's family. he was a swet and charming young boy finaly living his dream. sad that he was taken away so son

my visa got fraud!!!  i was loking forward to do some online shoping &amp; going to the mal today!!!! it just ruined my whole wekend :'(

i kno  rt USERNAME: USERNAME cat

fel a bit sick now 

last shift at chavs r us today  but not feling to depresed yet cos i'm going in on wednesday!!

USERNAME its crumbs of tre everywhere 

USERNAME // oh nevermind. :p i'm just being stupid. xd

aw, paul got kicked of american idol. i'm kinda sad 

USERNAME can you just retwet me ... please  lmfao

USERNAME its ben december for me haha! :p its just to long to wait ;)haha , yh il just have to giv it in early or sumut :p x

USERNAME they don't. the founder said so himself suposedly. 

USERNAME you can down a pint of milk in 4.2 seconds... but how fast can you down a pint of ber? :p x

#truth :p rt USERNAME: taurus is strikingly atractive

USERNAME USERNAME haha darts :p yeah it's true, to suced you ned a constant high level of practise and god comunication skils

USERNAME i'l be ading you up by next sem hopefuly!! 

do you have any scars on your body?  if so, how'd you get them? — my kne from palying fotie  URL

done with bowling now ima go read mah bok

ugh i have to go to slep... i'm dying of heat... :p

i can't find my retainers 

why am i coughing like a 65 year old? 

of to the y, bumaz cause no spotaz 

done with spa treatments, got my iphone white and now treatments for hair. if only i can do this, be a tai tai, ful time. 

USERNAME lol, but your way people don't have to go through a long list. they're more likely to read them :p

ugh at the library til it close 

old cofe in fridge :p rt USERNAME URL - #nowhaving cold cofe.

rt USERNAME: the meaning of  is coming

) rt USERNAME: oh ) rt USERNAME: udah rt USERNAME: eh folback rt USERNAME: kue lh yg ap :p rt USERNAME

USERNAME USERNAME i think i just can't be bothered to go to bed sunday nights, as then the wekend is over 

USERNAME figures!  ialmost said let's go to bdubs! forgot what cities we were in!

USERNAME i'm actualy heading back to bk to  long driving!

why's it not suny today?!  x

USERNAME hahahahah, i think you ned use glases  :p

USERNAME cher up alivia! i hate seing you sad. 

can never let go 

USERNAME hahaha. oh gosh. you had to twet that?! :p #guilty

USERNAME guted about that  going to mis it so much x

USERNAME thats so sad!! por bentley 

i hate my unfolowers  but love my folowers &lt;3 rt if you do to ! (:

USERNAME haha.. i gues im so into the bieber world that im totaly blank about other celebrities :p

USERNAME nope... not realy!! you know we didn't take any god pics!! which i'm realy ober sad about!! 

USERNAME hahahaha, more like aple stole my money :p

rt USERNAME: saf reveals man united-inspired by vds half-time team talk URL &gt;&gt;oh! boy, surely gona mis him 

USERNAME aw warm water botle may be  oh my por friend sad u fel iky x x

i hate when my girl friends setle...like if he hurt you realy bad once then he'l hurt you again, twice as bad the next time 

USERNAME la 3adie :p la she's not my cousin, my cousin died fe nafs elyoum o eltashy3 ba3ad fe nafs elyou - mn 9ob my mom

another mauled horse   URL

USERNAME  and me, haha, i can't have any though  guted. x

i had a realy sily dream about you :p

our lights have ben flickering.  i realy hope the power doesn't go out.  there are a lot of places w/o power already. 

USERNAME lol nfn u stil ain't folow me back 

done with work for today.... brain=mush and i haven't even done much 

USERNAME no prob :p ugh haters :z i'm god to thanks  x

USERNAME USERNAME 

USERNAME that's not gona make me fel beter! 

i hate seing my friends sad 

rt USERNAME: retwet if you hate the anti's of super junior :p

USERNAME cek dm 

USERNAME may 10th for mexican mothers :p

USERNAME it's on a sunday, 24th :p al mps and prs

pano mo malalaman kung kailan ka dapat sumuko?  — if giving up is les painful than holding on, then that's the … URL

i can hear the foxes howling! :/ stfu! 

USERNAME acualy can you send me your email so i can give it to you on there? :p

 rt USERNAME  (@ kendal regional hospital) URL

realized that no mater how hard i study for cel bio, i'm never gona do wel. so why study? to make myself fel beter i gues 

USERNAME fergie from black eyed peas :p

i love to watch send it on music video, wel i'm watching it now and i'm crying.. i fucking mis niley and jemi 

USERNAME don't let them cancel house of payne. i love that show  

USERNAME cuz in form 2 reina wasn't as god, casilas has maintained his ~level but reina has surpased him  but iker way hoter :p

USERNAME yuck  who makes these things :p

me to :p rt USERNAME: mis you 

wtf hapened to foe radio!?  it sucks

no! i sprayed the wrong perfume #stupidme 

#twetmydiner coking some #gf lasagna  it smels yumy but won't be ready for another half hour 

USERNAME my spring break ends tomorow 

man its so going down tonite and tomorow! 

USERNAME yeah i do when find some time for me and aint busy :p lol. and save me some icecream cake!!!!

USERNAME ahem ahem ..yo sab twet ma how m i included?? ki malai ni khwaune ho cofe n dine ho mac bok ko trt :p USERNAME

USERNAME i se, i'm watchig tv, damn bored to the max  hm anyway sory late again kakak :\

USERNAME what is with you and piza late at night? :p

bsb - kev are not the same right now 

USERNAME hahaha what show ? :p

USERNAME ok. sounds god(not the spine bit). wil let you know tomorow, i have to go to goa this wekend, again! 

^_^ rt USERNAME USERNAME i think u guys are an interesting bunch lol i died at that kunta shit btw hahaha 

haha it sounds boring but that dream amused me :p

loks like rain great walk home quicker 

let's abolish your stupidity! hahaha. sory, but everybody hates you. :p

USERNAME maybe i'l dance for you. and i don't have swag  i'm no longer a turn-on

USERNAME hahaha i also duno why !! why you trending kiseopie ?? :p

me! but i haven't blackbery  rt USERNAME: who wants my bery pin?

realy stresed out right now. i ned people to help us move since everyone except USERNAME has backed out on us 

USERNAME next wek baru abis...  i'm so stresed n depresed...i wana go home even juz for a day...  okay2 lar... 

in al honesty, the 81 degres can mis me later today. i'l get a heat rash on my arms and face by the end of the day 

USERNAME wel that's what i thought &quot;/ but turns out i actualy ned him 

USERNAME was the point of the #funybot episode to not be funy? 

USERNAME yea i know cunada  don't remind me i'm a ashole 

rt USERNAME: amazon server crash knocks out social web including foursquare and redit URL and USERNAME! 

rt USERNAME: lakers &amp; chicago lose  not god

USERNAME hiya you  wow wow de, going al out aye :p gues the tipsynes is gone now though? i am alright thanks, had a god day with

#eastenders i fel so for jack in al this 

USERNAME yeah! :p

USERNAME USERNAME no! show your love for angelica! you'l hurt her felings.  )

USERNAME there was an acident there about 2 hours ago 

im living in the wrong century. :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME gle is being censored in singapore to 

now he life  lol

homework 

#ithurtswhen a litle dog is sad 

if your someday was yesterday, learn.  if your someday is tomorow, hope. if your someday is today, cherish. ♥

stil not tired 

 im dead oh :'(

i've got al these snacks staring at me and i'm not even hungry... oh my eyes have taken control 

USERNAME what did they say ? 

i mis knowing that you mis me to.. 

i can't tel you al of my sorow 

kep snezing and what not 

USERNAME to bad, i got some anyway :p

USERNAME wel yes i dont mean i'm a liar when sober, but i get a lot more..... forthcoming. :p

godnight people 

USERNAME o ok d, thanks y, bntr, ni mo reg sim card dl :p

USERNAME kinda boring bein right al the time! your the only one who replys the most to anything i twet on this, did you know that? :p

#omf and i are always arguing, i don't like it, it raises my blod presure 

no #marchmadnes until thursday  check out our march mayhem #contest in the meantime! URL USERNAME

USERNAME go away!!  i spy in ur dp a dogtag that is with me. :p it mises u.. smal

USERNAME se, told ya we won't be friends anymore once you go out with someone. i know these things. :p

dreading til schol comes tmr #imsocol :p

feling not very wel~ 

USERNAME yeah they were and i was hoping to but what can i say 

USERNAME -hugs yhu- i knw we shudnt.. but i hav nothing beter. kis my rists?  USERNAME god ))USERNAME  hehehe.

USERNAME oh yes. you heard about eric abidal? has a tumour in his liver 

USERNAME please ! 

USERNAME realy? temporary....... :p love you! *bats eyelashes in tinas direction*

hungry however i just canot be bothered to get out of bed 

USERNAME masyaowlo, nonono no can do. he's definitely yours :p

 i dont think none understands my strugle in tears what ima do

USERNAME whilst a shaved head would be a bold brave lok, i personaly think it wouldn't suit me :p

USERNAME hahaha. if im going i'l text you. no idea what time is my dad coming home either. sory bout it 

my right nostril is completely blocked 

i've ben home by myself al day! i wish i had my license 

aw...you'l be back before u know it rt USERNAME: USERNAME i'm jealous  i wish i could partake in the gorgeousnes!

woke up wth a kiler headache, sinus shit , sore throat n a bad mod  #kudukudu

my outfit so doesn't match this weather  damn memphis!

USERNAME folow me  please 30

USERNAME USERNAME nah..i'm at work 

love ncmh. except for the paper works part. 

USERNAME please twet me USERNAME im in twiter jail! how rubish!  hope i met you in castlebar!  x56

USERNAME hey, that's my video! :p

wel, from a northern perspective, the #cpc doesn't ned us so badly any more and the oposition is ful of unicorn dust sprinklers 

last time i had kolaid but no sugar, now i have sugar with no kolaid .... 

aw.aw.aw.awaw.aw.awaw.aw  kunaon ieu cnah rt USERNAME: everybody laughing in my mind 

USERNAME loved last night wigs! my tumy fels a litle funy now though  and it tok a god half an hour to get the tan of! x

euh sial folowers ngurangin gini  :'(

USERNAME  bad times you never twet me!:l

done with bath ) drying my hair :p

USERNAME im afraid your gona have to pick one :p x

USERNAME did you try it? no? wel you have to!! now 

everything relates back to one direction :p

just came bak frm houston..had fun w/ tha bruders :p now im bored hmu :]

USERNAME on the day i decide to start work and do nothing else, it's unbelievably suny   i canot physicaly do it! how's your work?!

USERNAME oh no ur leaving  westlife won't b the same  god luck in the future x

everyone is drinking w/o me  ef yal!!!!

USERNAME tiba2 lemes am... 

USERNAME  datz cuz u didnt have a fone 

USERNAME lol i was jus pulin ur legs :p

USERNAME lo i can't take a god one 

should have saved al my pictures in a thumbdrive now its al gone. 

i know faling stars are always so sad! &quot;USERNAME: USERNAME i can't believe she's gone.  fel like an era is ending.&quot;

USERNAME  i ned to get the baby ones taken out first :'(

USERNAME haha :p i have almost 10,60 twets :p x

USERNAME hahahahaha maybe :p i was just testing it, then i got adicted to gogle chrome hahahaha i dont like firefox so much :l

rt USERNAME: USERNAME if you folow me now, i'l run naked around almost al my city ;) now, rape my folow buton! ;) lol :p x

USERNAME haha wel lucky you werent teaching by yourself tonight haha :p

USERNAME lol yes!!! i'm sure i can manage to step out of the section for your circus debut, but i don't want to interup anything... :p

lol al god by, i'd rather it be you than anybody else :] rt USERNAME: USERNAME tehehe okay (: im rockin your number to :p

photo: › lok at her lips, col! :p URL

USERNAME aw  cher up babe! just think about something you're loking forward to, always helps  x

URL  for who doesnt know a lot about the old republic :p #maythe4thbewithyou #starwarsday

im about to be thirsty af! al damn day.... 

USERNAME u ned the big foam finger for large surface areas :p x

USERNAME they could pul you out of a 'hat' lmao! :p

USERNAME for some. then again, you could justify it by saying those people aren't journalists. :p

USERNAME USERNAME hahaha u crazy girls :p

back to reality tomorow 

rt&quot;USERNAME: psps  USERNAME&quot;

we have no teacher in choir :p

USERNAME i cant! the power int eh wizard world is down today (n) and cliford is to big to fit in the house 

i wana be at home!..i hate math so much! 

USERNAME i don't know if i should be heart-broken or hurt. i'd rather chose not. hahaha! i'm not the jealous-type. it's alright. ^-^ :p

USERNAME hehs.but later canot msg me. sad. 

USERNAME USERNAME danku, mision acomplished hor :p

so my pone got restarted 

USERNAME alive! no god pain meds to speak of.  (those make me sick anyway). thanks for asking!

i realy do mis the old justin  but hey? everyone grows up  URL

i get a lot of &quot;noise&quot; when searching on #folowfriday. that's a waste...   

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME papa lu kenapa kris? gws ya  rt USERNAME: dady must be hospitalized... again ? 

maui's lahaina stables morning, lunch, sunset horse trail rides cal #808-67-2 or visit URL say godbye 2 &quot;tayler&quot; 

USERNAME duno bout cuba , so much money legit and at that time were gona ned money for university :p

USERNAME i cant  i got a test.

every time some1 says &quot;stunde&quot; an albino dies  please stop saying &quot;stunde&quot;. please.

rt USERNAME: i'm sory that i have to leave cailtin  

USERNAME not how you're gona lose weight b.  go find some steak.

USERNAME wo  i dont think jedward are staying at mayfair tho  x

USERNAME wel in that case i'm a polygamist with two kity husbands :p

USERNAME you know, you're right. we forget about that. saying a prayer for al of them. divorce is rough... 

USERNAME cause i want to take a nap :p

USERNAME : aw crystal u make me cry ( i don't know wat my feling rite now  and im kind of scare and shy 

''id rather fuck an ugly girl because she's easier to forget'' 

USERNAME i know :p i thought we planed for this wekend lmao ! what about thursday night for a slepover?  we have fri of!

wonder what'l get my atention enough to actualy do something to change? scale sure as hel isn't helping.  wtf is wrong with me?! agh!

USERNAME i'm only at the unconf  rest of the team here for main conf

USERNAME wel you know i could have just left you out of it darling :p

he knws im only up to talk to him so hes makin me go to slep by geting ofline! gr! :p

lg sedih baby  rt USERNAME: knp dea ? sabar sabar rt USERNAME: ha -_- don't cry

USERNAME chanfles 

USERNAME thumbs up!! :p xp

USERNAME *sigh* gues i won't be eating then. 

we have lost one of the clasiest &amp; beautiful ladies of our times. elizabeth taylor has pased away. may your eternal rest be peaceful 

USERNAME karate owch  x rt USERNAME - URL

think i should go to bed after only sleping 3 hours last night and being on the go al day  one problem, i fel wide awake 

#reality 

USERNAME efective si kazel talaga..i like her here to think na di naman siya ang first choice :p

USERNAME i did not understand a word of what you just said.i have forgoten what paper im suposed to give this june :p but wil try(cont)

USERNAME folowed ya , #jfb or unfol? :p

USERNAME aw  so r u traveling stil or no

daft punk, fo fighters and z top/mastodon vinyl al sold out in an hour   bo

pleasure darling..kep me strong yah..  rt USERNAME: be strong baby USERNAME ,we'l here beside you ☺ :**

USERNAME geting to se the shoes is making me sad to.  maybe when chloe/olie walk down the aisle? i think that's our best shot.

USERNAME haha, he gave me swet els.. two times.  .. x_o.. lol i love you more baby! :*

USERNAME y do i get the sad face 

man take ur fol as to bed lmfao rt USERNAME: ready to slep but ★he★ not here yet. come home bae! freakin ups 

USERNAME what you on about rob! the man is beyond god like! how could i not notice :p haha

gm al ;*** ♥♥♥ ah abe macdonalz again  !! mnour 7bebti nwrty al twiter bwjodech b3d chubdi walah ana b3d amo0o0o0t fech ;*

USERNAME hahah wat? never hor :p remember remember wat je.. ja?

spamer abis, satnya muted user . so sory 

USERNAME to bad the game yesterday got rained out 

you and me were geting maried next wek????????????   life is just a dream.

USERNAME i want one 

USERNAME 

USERNAME i jus had some :p

says im not 'wel feling' sipon ska ubo - pls go away  lalagnatin pa ata aqko huhu (sick) URL

USERNAME yeah i did that most of they yesterday :p yeah wil you please,like if you dont mind  x3

USERNAME hanah please folow me again, we were teamlouisuk but got hacked  please? x

USERNAME me. to 

USERNAME day of then? not that god, revision then my cat had to go to the vets  didn't realy do anything else x

when i met him??i realy..realy mis him..

USERNAME USERNAME aparently not  sad times for my 50s housewife image... maybe i'm more of an 80s punk kid?

USERNAME curses! it works for me.  any-ho - you were right, ardsma was loking at the camera again, didn't realize til i got home.

i wana sick to  give me sick :&lt; rt USERNAME: i'm sick so it means no schol tomorow hahahah

USERNAME  but al this stuf isn't available/fre for #n90 / #maemo, is it? can't find it 

USERNAME i don´t have enough time because the work is busy and i think i´m to stupid for a website :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME  you said helo, and didnt folow USERNAME ? shame on you  she lovesu somuch!!!

aw god por kyle he'd of ben shiting it 

USERNAME same here, i deactivated my facebok :p and yeah just watch my twets ;) bet i wont sh! now haha

lol yes :p rt USERNAME: hahaha! seriously? rt USERNAME: i burp when i'm hungry.

USERNAME aple products are the most abusive great products on earth. mercedes benz aint this proprietary 

USERNAME realy? i want to watch it so much 

so ya blind side didn't work  so now i'm watching hary poter USERNAME's choice

USERNAME yes yes.. don't copy from facebok :p

huer . . . mising my friend 

USERNAME haha i put fear in him. i'm dangerous :p

k i'm not mad anymore sory jovaughn :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME and USERNAME are some creps!!! they folowed me and USERNAME to the pol today!!! crep alert!!!!! :p

welcometomyworldoftoys asked: why do i loks male  URL

USERNAME USERNAME you guys kept me up til 2 am listening to your covers. thanks a lot.. now i'm gona be sleping in clas :p

rt USERNAME: maybe i'm so young to know about love 

sometimes dat one person who u think is the person that you can trust that they wil never hurt you is not that person 

USERNAME nothin i'm broke 

- &amp;&amp; ever since we kickedet yhu ben on the sack :p

rt USERNAME i kinda mis this guy  ----&gt;  URL

USERNAME you think hm.. i hate it :p (swizerland)

prison break? chyea best show eva. suks taht thurs skol tomorow. 

USERNAME yes there is. when i went to the ny showcase last year, alot of people said he can be like jb  my world ended on that day.

USERNAME im not alowed to   im only alowed to watch pg except for dumb and dumber!!

leaving 

ok so i am folowing a guy from the wolf pack on here and he just tweted this! &quot;i just got fucking tazed?i want to kil some one”  ah

i wish USERNAME wasn't so busy so i could have someone to cudle with me today 

i am tired 

USERNAME lmao im jus now sein everything you put . stfu i didnt lose my boty 

USERNAME chesta mia  USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME

USERNAME don't let it get to you 

USERNAME hey could you plz help me trend #frontrowbieber for USERNAME who was hacked and lost over 60k!! 

gm  rt USERNAME: up, almost leaving sosua 

you know when you just want company? .... yeah that 

lol you know what's sad...the fact i'm not USERNAME people therefore i can't reply to y'al 

black blody friday 

 i'm geting realy sick thanks to coper

ms.more always moves me away from my bestfriend 

me to! i misyou!! rt USERNAME: wants taho. 

USERNAME up to 

&quot;i didn't think there would come a day when you didn't care, but i also didn't se you leaving me either. &quot; aw 

fuck i ned britney to be here 

knp son ?  rt USERNAME: drtd aq inguh sekali 

i think i am going to go to bed, cuz my eyes hurt from being awake :p

god day everyone! its sunday, time for my english hw 

yay long nap. bo wasting my day 

when i mes up in a pasword i backspace everything and start over 

USERNAME i'l be beter when i'm older, i'l be the greatest fan of your life. 

im so hungry, why do i have diner so late  where is it????

so sad that i don't have USERNAME in math 

ouch !condolence to the family of USERNAME  !

ln75dajn ad me! jk stil got a sony ericson 

my favourite disco diva has pased away  rip loleata holoway masive inspiration to me. there'l be a fierce party in heaven tonight x

USERNAME lol  i mis u to. wel isn't national city close to you??

USERNAME lol wosa aw .. my day was god alhamdulilah , what did you get up to? holidays? not vacation ew :p

USERNAME haha lucky, i wouldn't say i'm pale, but in not brown either :p i tan quick tho ;l x

on the phone with renie  funy as niga!  hes my life &lt;3 imy 

when oh when wil i se my boys? 

USERNAME yup i did. mis you na aviegay 

USERNAME sense the tone! :p im being sily sarcastic 

USERNAME sounds yum! i've sent sim for a chinese as i'm feling sory for myself as had a toth out this morning 

USERNAME i know! ben to long  oh jersey shore, i stil ned to watch a season or so of that :p haha

can id rewind back ? id realy want 2 enjoy again pls :p

USERNAME idk much about polaroid  if you can help me? would be great, thanks!!!

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME at least you live in the same timezone as smosh! :p

USERNAME yeah u right tho....i be busy n stuf sory 

USERNAME i own a teny tiny design firm that has like 6 clients :p

USERNAME it was to be late july, but i think it wil have to be soner. 

my god ..giliran rio on mention gue gada yg di bales satu pun sama USERNAME !! what??rio mis you 

USERNAME ha ha.,aite nalage..na luck ento scoling lo ma clas teacher ki na confidence ekuvanenu emi rasina marks vachesevi :p

USERNAME wrong about what?! 

i don't like sleping alone 

the whore USERNAME neds to folow me !!! 

who knew i could eat a burger and fries, chips and guac, and piza al in one day? tumy ache. 

USERNAME you alright swetie?  &lt;3

USERNAME why :p ?

i ned some hokah 

i mis my princes already 

USERNAME because rain wants to come to malaysia :p

USERNAME ikr! but they're shiping the tickets, won't that take a while? his concert his tomorow.. 

USERNAME let me down today 

USERNAME yeah, usualy my schol is very interesting.. :p

USERNAME USERNAME so i've heard :p

USERNAME USERNAME he he he he :p

aw bles, everyone tweted me asking to be this girl hary likes, i'm realy sory 

USERNAME USERNAME haha jer!!! to bad there is not a friendly in the bunch! 

spam me. :p cause im bored -.-' — elek wah elek~ :p URL

USERNAME fanfics do make wonders lol. my friend is a hardcore gd stan because she read gd fanfics i recomended :p

USERNAME cause my mind is ful of snacks :p

so yuh sayn muh fwend ant hmu tudhay.. smh.. kinda miszn muh budie tho.. .onmuhlevel &lt;3.

sory for not being on much today  my bad 

left work early 

thanks god for tonight, eventhough only in my lapy :p

being sick actualy is the worst thing especialy when mising schol isn't an option 

#twitof you've forgoten about us 

USERNAME i wil try :p x

rt USERNAME: sometimes i get lonely.....i  wana be inlove. real love  .were is she? somewere out there i gues *go to oprah

USERNAME that would be something you get from urbandictionary rofl it's not true because you're meaner than i am :p

when i show lily a picture of britany and she tels me that it isn't her. lol yeah cause i don't know who my best friend is. :p

i mised it...the goal... 

rmh skit jul rt USERNAME: emang lu dmn ca? rt USERNAME: i hate to be here 

USERNAME no, just like u  tired of al day shoping :p

USERNAME geography and math  lol what r u watching?

USERNAME chabely i mis u' 

nothing special going on like i thought 

i wana back to 14 and 15 april? take me back there  . take me there.

USERNAME yes so sad!!!!   

USERNAME i have to met you :p folow me!

USERNAME lol yuh jus are :p

USERNAME can i then? :p USERNAME

just sen someone who loked like my uncle. man i mis my uncles 

USERNAME mis you 

time for #pretylitleliars, sory religion is gona have to wait 

i mis USERNAME &amp;&amp;  USERNAME so much! 

USERNAME yea i know, i'm not superman :p i'm sure i'l crash for 15 hours or so son :p

the episode of csi where nick gets buried alive makes me sad 

please bily wel can i cum on urs please  x (USERNAME live on URL)

u,u yo no vi a mr. bean 

rt USERNAME: i realy wish USERNAME had her phone 

USERNAME why not leane? does anyone like her? 

USERNAME aw  ok bye juh &lt;3 and say bye to lucas to i love u guys !

USERNAME omg   go to aple they might replace it!

how come fact or fake is not on USERNAME USERNAME i can't check in 

USERNAME ikr?......shouldn't they al be like......for want of a beter term 'partied' out ;p. so that's it then.....s2 al over 

USERNAME aw fine then dnt reply 

mas efect 3 delayed til 2012 i gues something had to give 

USERNAME when u slep in minecraft the time skip does not afect the furnace  ¿it's that a bug?

USERNAME yes it does - they're both taking handouts from bp. 

USERNAME i left my phone at home 

USERNAME hey!;how you? can i ask a favor? can you go to URL &amp;vote for the second girl in the top 5 plz 

USERNAME i cant se it  x

“USERNAME: USERNAME stop using the twiter ap :p i even hate the way it loks when people rt w coment!”....i love my dots haha

USERNAME but if they are secrets, my cat wouldn't want me to know  hehe

worst night slep ever. can not believe how much pain i am. can't move for shit 

rt if u lyk me (as if u gota choice :p :p :p)

USERNAME  i didn't you !

USERNAME lol  u kno him 2 huh???

USERNAME yeah me to  but its god that i dont have to go to schol tomorow  &lt;3 #biebsmetlisa

i'm doing that yawny :o face.  #teamfolowback

#dontdoit in some bushes. there's thorns; just saying :p

USERNAME eh..true. xd at least there's something to do down here. :p you should come visit. ,d

USERNAME  one! why one! come on! jump on the bandwagon like joyce! hehehe #hapybirthdayelniño

godbye motd and gary lineker. helo manish and the fotbal league show. #whufc 

i lost my mod to watch american idol since casey abrams got kicked out form that show... #americanidolsucks 

lu ol jga? rt USERNAME: kaga :p rt USERNAME iapz ape ? rt USERNAME

USERNAME *blushes* you should become a designer :p i'l be your model and model anything 

#twiterpause :p

i realy mis jonghyun  mis his beautiful voice

USERNAME hm yeah thats lok not funy realy.... 

USERNAME - i didn't know...  just asking...

bif fans, if anyone is trying to load our website or send us e-mails we're our servers down  sory for the troubles!

i have to go into schol tomorow al day 

#deprefelings  #signout

worst felings in the world... - › i always fel this way  URL

USERNAME how are you doing my lady? how' the weather? is it time for tea my dear? :p

rt USERNAME awh wo you like oth! it's amazing right haha! and yeah it neds to have a final season with everyone!  #oths9

rt USERNAME: today my phone like so quiet one 

USERNAME jup  #hel

“USERNAME: USERNAME i'm from new york  england's col, ny has nothing on the uk (;” oh i love ny :p the big aple :o

USERNAME haha mary popins is at capitol theatre to! i meant that place in capitol to take sticker photos :p

USERNAME #indonesiawantsnsn3d  tears tears

USERNAME schnel? :p lol yeah i wil wait for my mum to finish coking and then she'l give me a lift, i'l ned a cortison shot

viernes sin mi baby!  amor mis you so much!

omg! a fan jumped on zayn! :o he fel over aswel! so tight.  URL

the whack part is that my bday is on a saturday and am not guna be able to se the homies since am not doing nada 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i should therefore be in bed by 10 ... that should be just about right :p am trying to hang in there til then

get talkbox ok? — already have. :p URL

USERNAME hey big head i aint heard from you since the bday! are you not my friend anymore?? 

USERNAME me voy ya... i'l mis you! 

i go back to december al the time, and just cry.. i lost you, i´l never come back  

USERNAME she wil mary, you should fel bad for her :p

almost got into a car crash today...swerved and skided on the road bcoz of a fucking ashole going thru a red light 

rt USERNAME: i wish i could block out the world  #lovemoneytens

stil awake . .  even so slepy      talking about admision with friend  (again)  tried !!  t t;   i wana pas this time !

USERNAME yea a few 10k more 

lol USERNAME defines the term 'balck man time' !! :p

USERNAME  sticking with fruit lop, and mean-boys r like that, didn't know girls cud b2-the distinction must b nice &amp; not nice pl

rt USERNAME oh wel i'm horny and studying 

URL my mustache tato is bleding 

bo, tracy is dead 

on my way 2skul! but i'm kinda upset cus i'm gona go try on dreses nd my #backne is ver noticeable 

rt USERNAME: hey. aku dengan mu  rt USERNAME: no one here with me wkwk

USERNAME  sad day inded. but hapy for u and the $$$.  and we'l be seing u lots!   just sory u'l b on the &quot;losing&quot; team.

USERNAME interesting!!!! i think i'd enjoy that more, i enjoy al the statutes stuf in comlaw :p

anyone wana buy a canucks jersey 

your not mine but but but i don't want to lose you. 

&amp; no one like briana today 

USERNAME i hear ya bro, i'm somewhat right there with you 

just did work on that paper. but i used up al of my motivation for the day 

#itsadwhen you realize you only have so much time left and so much to do. dres check... suit check... modeling outfit... no check 

it smel like hair grese and flat iron 

just saw on the news that elizabeth taylor pased away today at the age of 79.  truly sad news about a holywod icon 

hary's only in the new tour video like once  sad times..

okay, i can't find bob (my vibrator) and it is time for bed. slep safe, bob, wherever you are 

i'm teling you one time , sory boy 

USERNAME ugh, they're al so talented! it's not fair! haha. oh my gosh, ash can show of her dancing skils... :p hahaha!

is it tat my twets use to pain yhu ni? rt USERNAME: ntoin !!rt USERNAME: bat3 low! 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME if i don't i won't have internet. i was using the neighbor's (hehe) but he turned it of  now i'm using my phone's...

it was 10am here when chris started the #cbfametour concert today,now it should almost 5am in australia lol USERNAME go slep :p

USERNAME hey, u not folowing me anymore?  x

how do friends help us in problems? they give the most stupid sugestion that wil make us laugh and forget bout the problem :p

i just wana drive! i haven't driven in what fels like a month!! 

on a cycling initiative! did 5x round the park then almost got ran over on the dual cariageway,  knackered and shaky!

USERNAME i'm doing the same :p

had a grape time with USERNAME and USERNAME this semester and past couple days! gona mis it! 

i want a god morning kis 

surprise daw!!shetz... i hate this kind of surpises 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME playing basketbal in flip flops... but i won a giant tedy bear so it was totaly worth it :p

USERNAME nah dawg i got no ride 

we was selin hamburgers nd hotdogs nd i asked him if he want one nd he was like no i want ur numba nd startd laughn 

USERNAME oh wait lionel.. oh dude! tmi! go do it without us knowing :p

USERNAME haha maybe be are just both shite 

ya no puedo  #disapointed

USERNAME wer ist &quot;florida lady&quot; :p #yay

USERNAME 

rt USERNAME: #bieberfact :justin once cried after coments made by his haters, rt if you think that's sad 

always beside u (ɔ¯ ³¯)ɔ rt USERNAME: where r u when i ned u? 

saltiest ish i ever did taste!!! smh rt USERNAME dasani water. ew. 

USERNAME i didn't se you at al today - geting on plane now  safe trip home great to se ya! talk to ya online

USERNAME he's totaly badas! he's wearing warpaint &amp; everything :p

yeah i oficialy drank to much last night...bc i am stil feling like shit...no god 

rt USERNAME: i wonder if my old toys fel like andy's 

mis my turtle  

great outdors, vilage choice dan socialite gimana ya. udah ci tapi gak unlock2 mulu  #failedjumper

USERNAME omg he's talking!!! :p welcome mrflufy! and yes, if you haven't played this... do!!! URL

fml  rt USERNAME fuel price set to rise again next month to over r10 per litre

10 USERNAME my 14thbirthday is almost over &amp; you stil havent folowed me   &lt;/3 . #neversaynever ?

grips arent right and are to go back next wek  down a set of irons from monday-thursday, the wek im of schol :@

i can't believe i'm back in dubai  ... i wana go back to canes ....

USERNAME i'm meting them! but i'm not live updating jsyk :p

USERNAME ugh  that's true

i have an empty place in my heart...! so sad! :'( 

ahahaha cobrart USERNAME: cie yg broken  rt USERNAME: i have broke my relationship  rt (cont) URL

USERNAME USERNAME maybe denard should also make his walk up song the beib... so many new fans :p

USERNAME shit, just read your news, sory to hear this and sory i didn't se it soner  *hugs*

USERNAME USERNAME slumber party? hahahahahahahahaghahahahahahahahadgfdshahjha, we're not fucking american! :p

USERNAME ok, of to asda  its a beautiful day 

USERNAME oh ok! but bambozle is that wekend  lol

USERNAME this is wonderful babe!!!! :p

USERNAME hahaha i have my hater necklace i'm god with those :p

shit. i've got 2 project plan, status update, wekly report, rag-status-including documents to write up &amp; fire acros... in a mere 30min 

USERNAME i have absolutely loads on my computer, i had loads on my laptop but not to many on my phone  if i ned anymore... ;d

USERNAME yes yes! il be there early on sunday to :p

o USERNAME i love your singing in she said :p

finaly, mision acomplished. next target - 150! :p URL

les than a month left in orlando... 

gp koko :') rt USERNAME: kenapa adeku sayang?  rt USERNAME: i duno how this tears fal from my left eye.. :,(

USERNAME que tenes ? 

diner with USERNAME and her parents. she's a cutie! a bit of a young'n though :p

rt USERNAME: aple: our ipad sales our down  but we made $6 bilion this quarter  URL

just woke up, super late for fast n furious, limping bcos of wrong choice of shoes..  

USERNAME yeah i'm not going on saturday 

USERNAME that's what i'm saying...i'm so hungry i'm down to order 10$ worth of fod 

last day before my &quot;extended break.&quot; 4 days of has now jumped to 10. wil mis nse-tv  URL

USERNAME you always amaze me....how on earth you aford tour lifestyle on same student budget as me  god luck for exam, you'l b fine

USERNAME of course i am! we wouldn't be friends if i'm not :p

2 folowers more :p

USERNAME ops,corected myself :p aright 

USERNAME  ah no i dont  dont say that!

USERNAME i know right. ahaha, 10 babeh! and then she told me to hit the bal like i twet :p USERNAME

USERNAME i mis u 

rt USERNAME: doing nothing is very hard to do! you never know when your finshed :p #ems

USERNAME im just not teling anyone :p

my dream is to met USERNAME and he never wil come true 

rt USERNAME: ok. so i'm going to USERNAME house tomorow so that's give me lots of  time to think of what i should wear :p

USERNAME you practicaly dont deserve to know... but i'l enlighten u,lok what USERNAME uncovered :p

USERNAME oh i dont like them :p

USERNAME can you folow USERNAME please folow folow. please do  not ignore me!  folows USERNAME

USERNAME it's okay :p a sexy guy like you? i couldn't resist x

masa sih? pdhl ng kene ketok lho yet rt USERNAME: where is the supermon?i cant se 

if i haven't managed to pis you of yet, lok out. aparently i'm on a rol this wek. 

USERNAME i know i am.. and you always play on it  #youreasilyamused #justsayin

wondering when scout is gona stop waking up every 3 hours to eat at night  i'm tired!

USERNAME yes mam i wil. it's a singaporean thing lol sory 

check out: this video is horible, circus elephant geting hit, kicked and whiped  URL via USERNAME

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME  im realy mad that u guys never include me in ur outings .....  

USERNAME surely USERNAME answered maltesers, no wait lamb maltesers to whats the best kinda chocolate! :p

USERNAME aw oh wel u gota do something i wish i had that much time to bad i don't 

USERNAME :s and most of the time its not even their photo 

USERNAME coming back today :p yayz. i think we're starting son argh

today is one long day! i seriously thoughtit was like nearing 5 ish at night! that's what hapens when you had 1.5 hours slep!  x

omg my babes a lazy as , it's about to be 10:0 and he stil not awake 

:p *rt USERNAME: sexy abj weather to bad ama leave it son to go tu d fiery furnace ( yola) #disgur :&amp;

USERNAME i can't do it 

USERNAME skype though plz i'm kind of upset 

:p i wil teach you to be rich review  URL

USERNAME yeah, nice. southern hemisphere? what's that? :p

USERNAME cant conect to the ptr 

i didnt even wash my hair today 

USERNAME USERNAME oh shit :p ima die 

USERNAME dayum ! how i wish i could be there. #hardluck ! 

ih cemberut  rt USERNAME:   rt USERNAME iya tomtom jlek :p rt USERNAME: ia th? rt USERNAME cmbrut lah 

god morning!! :p

no cakepops at #starbucks 

USERNAME *puts gun down* -hugs-  of course .. so, now that we got that out the way, who did it?! -_- what's wrong  ?

USERNAME i hope so, it's 0:2 am and i'm loking everywhere for it 

hahahaha, just teling the truth pret :p rt USERNAME: sounds like u babe, sometimes sih hehehe mwah rt ... URL

hey everyone! :p hi tom (USERNAME live on URL)

is trying to aces itunes thru her b to buy USERNAME's ajamerenal hope it works 

USERNAME i don't think she knows what ganzitos are... or is even awake anymore :p

lovely hot bath the only downside is that i had 2 get out 

can't slep, depresed, someone cher me up? i'd ask USERNAME but she's sleping.. 

USERNAME o lol !!  your brothers are prety? :p haha xd

USERNAME there is an entrance examination for the university in this year.but i almost study a litle  i should study hard.lol

pc is so slow 

so i can't view chanel 198 coz of the shared dish at my place. #fml so much for #ba this year 

USERNAME went to nate's empty new house tonite and played hide and sek. i was it for an hour. they kept rehiding and scaring me 

rt USERNAME: when justin was walking around in la, someone shouted &quot;you suck justin!&quot; so justin smiled at them and blew them a kis :p

no is like a wsnt at skl tho .. swore a ws at hme ... bt mi get ketch  USERNAME

so fucking bumed i'm not gona be able to se USERNAME in providence afteral  why can't my friends like the same music as me?

i cant help but to fel  i am the reason for her being upset   &lt;//3 #subtwet

USERNAME yes  i twet something about something, then i get loads of spam advertising twets d: x

just say mis you 

USERNAME  ive just thought...i hope yr legs beter in time for our xmas party or il be facing the wal  x

just deleted 1,109 pictures of justin bieber ... 

there's a slight sadnes i get when i listen to tim.  #becauseofstupidanoyingpeople.

USERNAME  i dont think you understand how fucking jealous i am...unfair. be prepared, every 10 minutes like clockwork #hopeyouburn 

just wake up :p

ih yeti :p rt USERNAME: rempong rt USERNAME: riweuh rt USERNAME: antara benci , keheul (cont) URL

USERNAME yeah - what the heck is up with this? i planed on catching USERNAME at 10pm! arh! 

USERNAME oh i want to! to bad sg doesn't hav a&amp;w outlets anymore 

ayo cerita-cerita lg ;;) rt USERNAME: gp    rt USERNAME: why cantik ? ;;) rt USERNAME: 

USERNAME oi mr longfield died! 

raining cats and dogs, at the avalon airport. wil get wet 

nyante elah., gitu doang sepelert USERNAME: . yeah whatever ? up to u ! i don't care :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME: iya, gak di remove

USERNAME aha no he was on his own  the others dont like bolton ;) - i have a picture of him but i'm not in it :') x

USERNAME thankfuly i mised that twitpic...no i dont wana se it. :p thanks for the dp compliment. 

USERNAME i'm much beter today. hm, i didnt fal aslep for a long while but then again i did slep til lunchtime :p #joejtourausnz

USERNAME haha suck to be you 

rt USERNAME: i'm so bored it's not funy. why don't i have a texting budy 

USERNAME i'm realy sory for what hapened dr 

USERNAME awe  what hapened?

it makes me sad to se al these fre animals on kijiji  they're worth so much and people are just giving them away 

USERNAME gave me into trouble for my last status 

USERNAME ofcourse :p

enak banget deh admin  rt USERNAME: god morning ! admin de is here ! wah , i can't wait for s3 today ! i'm in one city

so brave!!  rt USERNAME: #fukushima50 nuclear plant workers walking into certain death by radiation URL

i realy ned someone to talk to! 

 bon nuit rt USERNAME: USERNAME wait til u wake up lol godnight

i want gaga to atleast release lotr on itunes. it doesnt have to be on btw. i just want it 

21.) i think johny dep is hot for a 47 year old. :p

rt USERNAME they hating on my socks  &lt;hela lame!!

USERNAME i know! 

rt USERNAME: actualy weting myself laughing at the people who post things about themselves. :p

USERNAME and you'l wont get to kno :p lol punk

USERNAME  dang, sucks  im on another level dawg

birthday diner tonight!  dance dance!! and seafod :p

USERNAME aw u deleted al my mesages  sadface

USERNAME fraud af you got my mesage 

USERNAME  i would have came 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME true more of cody for us yaya :p

USERNAME thanks  u know when i left indonesia, everyone is comin there!! like justin, bruno, and other boybands i like ( fml haha

i had bad dreams last night 

USERNAME  .. yay &lt;3

USERNAME he left already  lol i'm such a crepy stalker! haha

rt USERNAME: USERNAME lies!  &lt; a true super hero never lies ^.^ lol

USERNAME haha yeah its a god song and yes i agre...you are a #nerd :p jk

i thought i'm god at basket. actualy, i'm not 

oh yeah... i just remembered that skins isn't on anymore. 

USERNAME thanks so much for the tables ofer - i've just loked at the photos though and they're to big for my tinytiny flat 

ugh. people suck.  — i agre.:/ URL

#itsadwhen you ned to say godbye even if it's not that god 

o,god luck! and btw,please folow me back ;) rt USERNAME: USERNAME cuz we were talking a lot but i didn't get her name 

awh why ? rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: omg i fel so bad_me to 

damn it can we al jus get alone. so much goin on n da world we dnt hav 2 kil 1 another dis make me 

USERNAME match on his own ? y so much hate for him than??? al this negativity is realy geting to me 

USERNAME bah.  then i gues i can only wait. envious!!

USERNAME god!  ugh i know… i'm just glad the whole blody song didn't leak. i would be so angry+upset!  motherfucking leaker!

i can't believe that's it, that's his last apearance in tv.  #ajperezmk

rt USERNAME: wah! stil cant get over the fact that he's dead  comunicating through twiter nalang, and sending my prayers for him.... #ripajperez

gona watch #neversaynever3d alone  no one wants to acompany me. but that's alright. i can manage 

#10factsaboutme 19 i used to get in trouble in schol just so my mom could notice me 

no-one's talking to me, i know when i'm not wanted  godnight everyone

USERNAME are you kiding me ?? she's not idiot.. she didn't said anything :/  

USERNAME sadly tonite's my ofice vendors party so i'l be working.  no tweting for me 

someone caled me arogant once mate, wel i was fucking disgusted at that ! me ??? i said fuck of cunt ya beneath me :p USERNAME

i like filipino mixed babies

USERNAME USERNAME tehehe we're going to chalenge them to a sing of :p who can sing the loudest  #boyceavenue

browser froze before end of taxi chat.  excelent info, as usual, though.  and we got to met hanah!

USERNAME have to agre :p the rock is ok, con air is beter &amp; knowing &amp; city of angels... nc is actualy one of my fav actors...

USERNAME USERNAME i want gold stars  give me gold stars

rt USERNAME: i cnt believe im home on a saturday night 

gues not 

USERNAME ouch..i fel ur pain..being there/done that.. 

bout to get hakim his first shots 

USERNAME ah i hope they're stil there  my dad has no idea what's wrong and he was screaming at me  i ned help

mi baby anything ah anything , i wil give you tings as long as u want me :p '8'

USERNAME i am now. ^^ i'm just tired and my stuf was heavy and i should slep. :p damn schol.

USERNAME so you are half clean?  one arm, one leg, half face? :p

USERNAME i forget sory  please can i cal u my awesome friend? ;)

USERNAME ay :p lol , thats fine , i'l just lok for it :p

USERNAME folow me please 

USERNAME oh wait i gota give the lapdance??? um um! il just get u double candy! lmfao. :p ha, they wil find u! id hide! haha

walking  &amp; this shits fucken windy af 

USERNAME she stil isn't folowing you? #lord #getonmylevel :p

only 7 hours before bedtime.... 

USERNAME yes, yes you shal! :p

i realy must pul myself together before i get to work. a very sad day inded!  #elisabethsladen #sarahjanesmith

not only 2, but 3:0 for city.. i think tevez wouldn't play..  rt USERNAME: USERNAME 2:0 for city. hope tevez wil play! #mcf

there neds to be an easier way to name a new busines :p

USERNAME i know  i'm so upset. but i work sunday am @ 8 so no slumbo for me. let's have a chil girls night slumbo tomorow 

USERNAME gone into depresant mode,mis the tour and the met and gret  hope you tok our big blue poster home from notingham x

USERNAME lights out 

USERNAME i used to download music to, but i quited to :p fels much beter &amp; nice to buy music and suport artists.

oh and i've got work in few hours! yay! *sarcasticaly jumps for joy* #backtoreality 

USERNAME no... we were standing :p

USERNAME 

i ned 2 go out buh no might 

USERNAME  :o....  tienes qe mejorarte !! o te golpeare okno xd

USERNAME oh and i'm not going to bed quite yet but i figured that you would be in bed :p i'm tired tho z

USERNAME was what me? :p im caling now

USERNAME &quot;hiting on a girl&quot; &quot;hit on her&quot; expresions ? get it ? :p USERNAME

USERNAME folow me back please ^^ #ithinkyouwilneversethis 

one more lonely boy.  rt USERNAME: #nowsinging one les lonely girl.

yay ! just love going to slep with a broken heart ! #fml 

what a nice suny morning.  chris evans back on radio2 as wel.  however lisa tarbuck is on in the afternon no 

#theawkwardmomentwhen your friend cals everything you do awkward..... USERNAME 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME because i hate you &amp;&amp; get on skype 

USERNAME USERNAME i saw you tweting, so i folowed 

#failing finished math section with 40 min left... not god onto chem to gues some more :p

who got tent to lend USERNAME ????? 

USERNAME we got separated so fast!!  hahahaha

USERNAME is such a creper :p please folow me &amp; my sis USERNAME #folowmeariana #folowmeariana #folowmeariana ♥ 6

USERNAME they were teling me that the new songs are clear and stuf and then they were like se you son lydia :p

USERNAME hahaha! why? :p

gm monday'z 

USERNAME i mis your touch, i mis your smel; i mis you so much that my life without you fels like hel. 

les trying to get me to wear my hair down tonight  i actualy like my braid &amp; side bun!!!!

rt USERNAME: is it love or is it art? :p

USERNAME no it's #nowdownloading :p

omg!  USERNAME: nice story from the great usa. cherleader fined for not chering sportsman who raped her   &gt;&gt; URL

sigue ahi*  envidia ful  rt USERNAME: bq mode + a few drinks with some friends...

USERNAME are your bf's holy and micheal split up? no! say it ain't so 

USERNAME why ain't i first  lol

hary poter and the deathly halows part 2 trailer arives URL the end is near 

when i saw spongebob squarepants he always gave me a desire to eat crangreburger this hapened to you? USERNAME :p

i sure wish gary would answer his darn phone!!! my ciroc family no longer claims me 

realy woried about #tumblr. please don't die 

USERNAME sory !! tweted to the wrong person :p your isnt in there yet x il twet you a pic tonight when i put it in x

USERNAME everyone is saying the whole bieber family are coming to aus haha i gues australia is just lucky :p i wonder why

security guards at work now have segways. why do they get al the god stuf 

USERNAME hahah i just retweted your twet about flamingo land...but now it loks like am going with myself :p ya mut got a new car?

oh alright dont even say hbd to me USERNAME ...you tol :p

rt USERNAME: ;-) rt USERNAME: dreaming of a late night USERNAME and USERNAME b2b set this thursday in toronto...some dreams are to god to be true 

USERNAME USERNAME  ...aw ok 

im feling sad! again and again. i ned some hug. 

why god do i get so distracted, so easily 

USERNAME oh shush you :p

USERNAME your runing on a beach with your dick out...um i'l let u rock out wit ya cock out :p

ugh... that moment when you realize you're so fat! 

i'm having an absolutely awful day, but honestly, who cares? 

dam i love chinese fod hahaha :p

i won't lie, i'm feling some kind of way when it comes to al the new deltas at belmont. wish i'd rushed 

its weird, who is the producer of nsn? i would like to ask him whats the reason. 

USERNAME yep, they're going to die now 

USERNAME mhm , hah eh i se dawg :p hela sucks for u dick xd ! now u dont even smoke in 420 haha #fail.

and ur comon sense is our non-sense! :p USERNAME: your inteligence is my comon sense

wants to be at teas frightmare............ 

USERNAME i know  i met him 3 times in one wekend now i mis him so much 

USERNAME damn sounds easy!! lol i got bio 

USERNAME i wish i can do so  3almeny memez

USERNAME yeah me to  it's anoying d; wel i gues it can't be helped! :/ we'l just have to count on the rest of the #tvdfamily!

USERNAME home lol , you forgot about me !  aha

i fel like such a creper on formspring because many of the people i folow don't know me at al. like, kpopers from lj and stuf. :p

so so tired 

USERNAME lol at yur face thing 2 :p

USERNAME nv cal worh. :p

i se no point in dresing up for clas. so gues what? i won't. last day w. my hair straight.  morning to al.

USERNAME absolutely nothing!  :p

rt USERNAME: sedih knp? rt USERNAME: sedih ni tiya  &quot;USERNAME: godluck ya my ico (cont) URL

rt USERNAME: nobody wants a shoutout? 'cuz nobody folowed-&gt;♥USERNAME 

a cold nigth in spain....i want the sumer now!!   

USERNAME 

USERNAME the sun never fails to make me hapy !! its stupid realy but true !! the sun does make you hapy :p x

i dont think my new dp is showing up 

USERNAME ah you said epic about me naming my ipod titanic :p xdx

USERNAME yeah  and i'm about to be put to slep for mouth surgery omg i'm gona cry

USERNAME no because stupidly i gave up mars for lent!! that's 40 days of pure hel 

USERNAME ok i was trying 2 show u a pic but it didn't load  i send it via bm lol

USERNAME hey swetie...wish you would twet a litle more...your fans you have left mis you.....  and the new ones ned to conect...

rough day+ mising you= not so god 

hahaha i just joined twiter cuz everyone wanted me to and i'm so confused with al this!! lol :p

my stomach realy hurts!!!!! #huh. watz going on?? 

just got reminded il be 20 next year, sounds so old!! 

USERNAME haha. i know. i suck at conversations to :p

i was tel her, moreover she haven't acont..  USERNAME i alsolove you.♥ yourgirlfriend wil surelyhurt 

USERNAME tururururururu haha m you always do when im #hela broke   its col bro :o

USERNAME sup?  x

time to pig out!! gona watch the game and have a bud ;d and maybe some popcorn!! i just can't watch the game without some junk fod :p

USERNAME me to 

dear post ofice... i am so tired of seing this &quot;we care mesage and sory for damaging you mail blah blah&quot;   URL

#rest in piece bro ronald shakor kelson &lt;3; truly mised 

i h8 it wen i cant stop thinking about that one person.. and dep down inside, i know he probably haven't tot bout me.  #iwish

USERNAME please folow me nial !! no chance of a folow back?  3

USERNAME if you say hi or something to me i think u would make this day beyond amazing since it's ben a prety low one 

USERNAME lmfao i dont get it :p

USERNAME i fel uneded   lol if we fina become bestfriends why not

USERNAME lol i loved lost! no show has even come close to it since 

USERNAME y'al got me to much....and it aint even ma fault! mumy gave it to me!!!! 

my tumy hurts and so does my litle,litle heart. 

USERNAME USERNAME why do you always do this to me!? 

USERNAME totaly out of order n so wrong, heartbreaking 2 c i'm sure 

waking up with headache &amp; the most galau feling ever. what should i do 

USERNAME  ........ she tweted me she loves me! yayayayayayayayayayayayayayay!

USERNAME when his exams are over i'm sure he'l shit around here like before :p wait a lil ^^

USERNAME :p the wry irony never gets old for me :p

#liespeopletel that they're not drunk... i can smel you dumb. :p

tired. and my mum was like...im cleaning so il wake you up so i can change your shets. how dare she   that wil be at like 10 

USERNAME wel gues what, no one would tel a guy youre anoying coz most of the people on twiter are girls and they love to flirt :p

finaly! sory to USERNAME and USERNAME for disapearing in the midle of our convo. i landed in jail. 

morning! have you click on this alr? :p URL

USERNAME aye, they are the ones who get found out :p god spies are like ghosts! oh yeah, duf man!!

i'm super duper hapy yet i'm mising babe 

no..my friend from thai..she told me  in june, suju, girls day, dna, x5, park jung min wil concert in indo..rt USERNAME

USERNAME  lots of pics yes, but not what i was loking for :p thanks anyway 

when wil it be my turn? 

USERNAME being sick sucks  i'm going to stay on the couch al day. hope you fel beter son.

USERNAME 

USERNAME damit misha, stop scaring me! for a second i thought you're leaving us. i almost had a heart atack. 

definitely caught whatever USERNAME was developing, sore throat coming a long 

&quot;USERNAME: churching with jcl :p USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME :p ilusm !! imusm!!&quot; belom yto..msh sejam lagi :p wkwkwk.. :p

what did you do during formspring's downtime? — i dont know :p URL

USERNAME yeah, make me sumert to eat hahaha :p

i gues i shouldn't have danced in the rain saturday.. cause i think i'm geting sick 

is absolutley guted at the fact i never got tickets for #r1bw!! 

USERNAME weh?!!! :o 

USERNAME please dm me  &lt;3

USERNAME yeah :3 it's caled &quot;being awesome&quot; :p

i don't even know what i'm going to do for easter 

USERNAME USERNAME wel i don't mean to be a comedian, i just talk about my life and people sem to find it funy :p

i can believe it´s over 

i am curently buying a new phone bc the iphone is no longer with us  ...should i get another iphone or droid or bery?? help!

”did you try any mangoes???”. to bad he didn't get any answers from alison 

: u sems busy there... wonder who are u texting.... 

i realy think i sprained my finger bowling on monday 

USERNAME lols....i have 4 u to  choco bite wil be okey?? :p

USERNAME hahahah 12 :p did u read the rest of my bio? :p

USERNAME i blody hope so,i thought i'd be beter today til i woke up n chucked up al over me bathrom (contains zero baths) 

USERNAME i have 5..tomorow u wil get one! :p

aga ni imeliku und pole ma amu näinud 

i hate fotbal on rainy days bo 

USERNAME wieso? du warst so tol 

i stil ned help guys.  - i’m going of to colege and i ned to pay a lot of dues. $10 down payment for... URL

USERNAME i wil  sory  lol

USERNAME oh okay!  i just came home right now! :p

don't judge a person by their profile picture.. :p

USERNAME now thats a sticky subject to touch upon :p

rt USERNAME: rt if you remember when this hapened when USERNAME uploaded his pray music video :p

USERNAME awh  that would of ben scandalous! :p lol theres a programe on sunday and its caled: bigest irish scandals! made 4 u!:px

USERNAME no i meant nyc people arent nice lokin lol nd yes i do watch way to much tv  building up my hopes and shiz... -_-

realized how much i'm going to mis the seniors USERNAME next year 

USERNAME gah, you and everyone else.  and sam met one of them once.

rt USERNAME now me and my sis gona get some chinese fod -- makes my stomach hurt everytime i eat it and i always want it to 

USERNAME USERNAME i'd give it a damn god go myself! :p

USERNAME same!  i more tired cuz i was leading my whole clas to be enthu hahaha

USERNAME i have the efect :p

USERNAME aw man  *hugs* is that an USERNAME or a telstra thing?

USERNAME it realy hurt! 

this hayfever is atacking me already...i haven't even got out of bed yet 

USERNAME lmao aw /: i hate it because i always want him to run a litle faster, or move to the side and he never does. 

USERNAME ow 

USERNAME no what tel me please 

i wish frank was - ing home this wekend. i ned him more than anything right now. ugh.  URL

USERNAME hahaha what thing? :p

rt USERNAME: rtbgt USERNAME: rtrtrt USERNAME: mom, please give me iphone 4  please 

USERNAME i can't switch btw 2 lah tkting and sales 

 sigh i hate USERNAME

i wish i have a car right now..we want to go out for diner! we can't cycle in the rain 

USERNAME aw!! i'd mis u so much tho babe  i don't think i could cope  lol! not workin tday for ... URL

USERNAME think i spoke to son bwt my mother 

stupid patel tok my phone and lectured me on how i'm a bad senior mentor aha :p

USERNAME my mom stil bitches about that trip, and it's ben over 50 years ago :p

USERNAME text :p folow me please xo.

USERNAME awh por you babes 

#97lines alone in line  they ofline in this time... #97lines

USERNAME so sad  then wil xander n kibum come back later ?

USERNAME shit that's why i stoped already! :p

it is so nice out and i have to go to work al day  it just doesn't sem fair

it's another bad day 

USERNAME aw 

stalker sia USERNAME . she knows i eat hersheys 

rt USERNAME: #10factsaboutme i've never ben to disney land  #shitchildhod

mis'in my mom today 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: i gota work on easter 

i want a cute, tal, white guy.that is my type, not ugly black guys. is that to much to ask for ?  tal cute white guy. #forfucksake

USERNAME i'm scared to eat them because of my near death experience! 

USERNAME no he wont :p and u know it xd

damn twiter i g2g going on with moma and my sister .later #twigas .

USERNAME so let me dream, dear, just dream. :p #montepaschi

USERNAME iero u guys were amazing tonight!!!! i wish i can be there tomorow but it was hard geting a pic of u and mikey 

USERNAME harsh 

i wished i was there at USERNAME's concert last friday... hm.. 

USERNAME lol thats a lie. :p but only complaint with haley is that she growls to much.

in the house, 

USERNAME  i mis you  prom date, right?

USERNAME lol okay :l that's reasuring :p

omg 4 am you are so boring!! :p

what?! obama was actualy born in america? damn it i thought he was kenyan. kenyans are col man. this is lame. 

r.i.p mocho ! my mamis (grandmas) dog  he was the last memory i had about her he was a great socer playing dogy ily mochito

now big time rush are singing :p

injured my kne playing socer 

USERNAME oh...great! :p

i hate waking up in midle of the night hungry 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: dear, i want you to know that i ned ur atention, the way you care to me 

USERNAME yes...earthquakes came many hundred times in a month  thanx so much! x

i know  rt USERNAME: USERNAME ugh your lips are not sexy babe!!!

USERNAME yes lol! i've ben going trough al the old seasons :p

USERNAME i can't even imagine how much you mis him. just the thought of it brings tears to my eyes.  but (cont) URL

USERNAME i wil wait! :p

USERNAME nope  &lt;3

is watching s&amp;tc .... so what!!! :p smh...

USERNAME hush i didnt realize i wrote that ... 

i ned a nice long hike into the midle of nowhere. how am i going to do that in la? 

i mis f.cuz 

oh darn, i'm just now seing mentions. my bad guys! 

USERNAME i think USERNAME is lying 

USERNAME easy win for hamilton then eh :p

baby??!!  x_x rt USERNAME: i've made up my mind and i'm gona folow USERNAME's style. i'm dresing up for the royal weding :|

USERNAME lolz :p URL

sigh...not feling wel tonight 

USERNAME haha :p i'm grand thanks u? x

watching coming home on lifetime...this show is so emotional!! 

if you want to get high expectations for boyfriends, just read the boks i do. :p

USERNAME i've half persuaded someone to come to the gloucester racecourse but stil not 10% 

just read the paperwork and i'm abit down when they mentioned anaemic person canot join the adventure. minimum 1 but i have only 7 

krn pah chi syng qu belbot? rt USERNAME: USERNAME gue putus ka 

i think so, takut aku tidur rt USERNAME berhantu kosan cin? rt USERNAME: i'm scared, mom 

USERNAME you never know, you might wo me enough so i'l let you win :p

USERNAME lol!!!! nothing realy :p

aw today is my last day of spring break 

crying. 

sergeser geser bablas angine :p

USERNAME i know. :p loganator is the best. 

felin lost and out of place  wishin u were here by my side rip jo 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME check sana out, she wants to go traveling to just a few countries. she tweted the whole map :p

there's some god freakn movies on!!! oh shot! eight crazy nights, friday, and now fast and furious!!? pinch me now! :p

i'l proly catch up to u biotch :p

USERNAME  don't, i'm icky :3 plus i se you son!  i love you.

USERNAME aparently jack wasn't nimble or quick enough :p

USERNAME 

USERNAME i know  :p

USERNAME lol!  that's what i'm hear for. :p

but i cnt be bad  its just not in my nature,i just guna chicken out &gt;.&lt; oh god why u have 2 make me so god ??

USERNAME folow me !! but is so hard :/ and maybe she isn't go to se this !! 

i be felin te exact same way ..rt USERNAME: gues il head to schol now! 

i'm a litle disapointed that hip hop club isn't using the song we originaly wanted to use 

rt USERNAME: rip elizabeth taylor 

#myworldtourmemories when we cried because the concert was over. we wil probaly never get the chance to se him again. 

#np bruno mars (when) my life begins 

USERNAME, hahaha :p its never to late eh lmao!

meanie pants  i thought i was your favourite.......... — aha they were talkin bout 9ners (: URL

i want to know the materials neded :p para bumili na ako.. ;\

 rt USERNAME i let him ogle dean al he wants! :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME so long as there aren't double standards, it's al god.

USERNAME USERNAME just me that didn't then  x

USERNAME 

USERNAME neds to hury up 

USERNAME hahaha later abit then become super dy =/ no la, not studying. to lazy + no motivation to do so  jery gona study ah? ._.

USERNAME kol. not much just puting on my clothes :p

USERNAME i have ben alive! which is aparently a lot for a sci major! :phow have u ben?

i mis seing zoey on the movie... 

seriously don't fel like boking in later!  

USERNAME oe oe oe oe,oe oe :p

USERNAME ah it neds to last longer than that! it's about a 17 hour drive 

USERNAME haha superman is mean 

USERNAME  but not enough.

i can't have my marathon of the last 4 movies (that are out) without hbp 

USERNAME  i'm gona mis it

can't slep and i ned to be up by 6:30 

wow i mis USERNAME so much 

USERNAME yup :3 i thought i said it's fixed? xd :p

hahahaha i just noticed someone's twet from earlier ... cry me a river :p

USERNAME hahaha i'm a lady with clas :p

please god let me get where i ned to be 

i like this girl alot, but she's atached 

USERNAME gr8!! ima doing a housework for schol tomorow..!! its night and i hvn finished :p

USERNAME 50 blody fishes!? 6 dogs are my dream 

why does spring break have to be over so son? 

USERNAME haha i like knowing about it but not bein in it! but anyways i tel her i lost my game  and then she's like we won (cont?

stil havent moved. thirsty. sein mirages #nshit water! ugh my legs hurt 

USERNAME cuz when i opened the envelope al i saw was two pieces of paper and the envelope was damaged on the side 

USERNAME please please folow me justin ((((((( i don't know what i should do more as only hope that me folow  please

i'm mad i didn't get on any rides with ana . 

lost david's birthday present 

 rt USERNAME: USERNAME i don't like either but i hate boston with every fiber of my being!!!

ugh i got cramps 

USERNAME haha lol.. i am great u.. but i am in lots of trouble 

USERNAME this is wrong  rt USERNAME URL

making quiche loraine today. first atempt. i don't have baking beans to blind bake it.  it's not going to turn out god.

gym afected me its hurting to close my legs 

USERNAME travis clark i would love that!!!  just don't come from july 18 thru the 2 or i can't go  :p

yay! schol's makin us a party on thursday!  yus!!!!! finaly! haha im gona b smokey :p xd

USERNAME this guy was terifying, thank god my mom came back 

suposedly nick cave wrote a  crow screnplay. now, someone else is re-writing it.  that sucks!

USERNAME it's true though :p they're til shite ;) #lieslikesteve

they didn't perform today.....  rt USERNAME where's bigbang????

USERNAME swetie why is everyone teling you to fel beter? what's wrong? 

working on my joy of a literary analysis again. i kep geting side tracked though... 

USERNAME a son-to-be 25 years old woman isn't a girl anymore :p

damn...last bowling trip with my friends!!! 

s/o to USERNAME because the girl knows her big sean lyrics. that's hot :p

i forgot to decorate them tho 

ive ben laying on the couch al day watching rob &amp; big :p i hope i get beter son so i can have a god spring break..

rt USERNAME: i hate depending on people for my hapines , but i swear people pis me of 

if indonesia sucks he won't come to :p rt USERNAME: why justin bieber has to come to indonesia?. indonesia is sucks.

my mentions are dead.. 

USERNAME USERNAME ))) glad therese liked it :p

USERNAME the longest word cant be typed on twiter, fs 

USERNAME cody i love you !! you are beautiful *----* you love me ?? no 

what hapened to ur eye?  rt USERNAME: USERNAME ehn! ehn!  #sideye

i fel like crying 

my throat hurts ! 

USERNAME uh huh it is lol! that only a acesory as wel lol :p

rt USERNAME: so slepy  wana be snugled back up in my bed!

USERNAME u should have hit me up!! i was loking to celebrate to 

rt USERNAME: dear haters, you don't hate USERNAME, you just hate the fact that you're not her. :p

i can tel u after i go back in jkt honey..  rt USERNAME: how about me?? have recomended me as u ofering beb (cont) URL

USERNAME no no. it is al the post ofice :p

sick sick sick  kep snezing!  stil going to go out. nothing can stop me

someone near smels like your old cologne, damn. imy 

ty whenever....#sick 

gaining weight.  fuck.

USERNAME raining here in no to 

USERNAME in a sec.. just let me confirm email or something .. blah blah :p

USERNAME i know, i fel so lost and..lonely  i am not even paying atention.. #solost #godluckonthisexam

USERNAME yeah, we have to be in 1st place. 

USERNAME hugh, me to.!!! smdh &amp; i was just gon cal tonite but now i'm not even on the yard...anotha day 

why did nobody folowed USERNAME ??  please folow her for me!! il dm justin 20+ times for you!!

USERNAME havent spoke to you almost al wek 

USERNAME aw realy?!  thats so sad   she was a rescue...i got her when she was 2 months   why do they do that?

monday came quick 

USERNAME: no  i didn't get to watch it tonight.

did the fog realy just ruin our plans 

USERNAME probably not, but consider giving it a try some time! :p

USERNAME not yet. ada a wek lg. hm 

mis someone... 

USERNAME aw  dw im working on a way of turning me 18 we can share? then i just have to learn how to dance ;)

USERNAME i know  - hopefuly they'l put it on iplayer!

USERNAME wana se some fingerprints? put your iphone scren up  to a bright light :p

USERNAME ^////^ rose-chan is cute~ :p

so hungry.. yet no money 

USERNAME i gues, its boring now  lol

USERNAME my day was realy boring 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME i mised the #fotworkingz some1 update me? &lt;its on youtube abdc season 6&lt;&lt; i loked didn't c them yet 

don't come for me! istil got a teny bit of boty...although ilost some  #sadtwet

i wana cudle up with my bo! but he's working 

i have the worst headache... 

USERNAME USERNAME can i have a pen? i didn't receive one with my preorder  felt like crying. i've also had every dw game 

mathilde, tu me manques. 

USERNAME can't wait to hear it :p

USERNAME lucky ducky! i have a project, 2 asignments, 2 oral exams, 3 physics exams, 1 maths exam and 9 weks til im done 

omg i just finished of the oreos  'oink oink!'

USERNAME he stil hasn't figured out how to turn an oven on, microwave, go to a drive thru? por dan/he's just litle   &lt;snicker&gt; xo

USERNAME and he always loks so calm like he just landed here but doesn't know how,that must get to the families more... 

death always have me wanting to bring life....rip lil bro 

USERNAME USERNAME i ben mising him 

rt USERNAME: #nauticalnonsense - what is the animal that can punish bad people using the power of the mon? answer: snailormon! :p

i ned to go to the doctors but my mom won't take me cause she thinks i'm over reacting  al that blod and fainting isn't over reacting!

USERNAME hahaha oh it was yesterday at pavilion. at 12 and 2 haha i didn't go pun 

USERNAME if i knew what that was, i'd have more sympathy for you 

USERNAME i know dude &gt;.&lt; bumer :| we'l just go get some real ducks :p

pray for our earth to get safer, for everyone who's in trouble, for al of us to stay united together, and for things to get beter 

USERNAME. didn't get to go.   had to go to rolin thunder meting 4 dc ride 

20 words down 80 to go  so screwed.

slept at 8am, woke up at 2pm. my eyes are realy realy realy red 

USERNAME oh...go to 24hours shop lol :p hury..i'm hungry !! m..what r u doing now?

USERNAME listen. i'm realy sory. realy 

USERNAME yeah! he posted it on his twiter  ♥.

stupid weather..now i ned to do some homestuf  URL

me to! rt USERNAME: what a #fail with the #poken  has so litle stored on it compared to al the great pl i pokened with it #sasea

USERNAME i'm sory!! i didn't mean it, i meant you loked strawbery blonde!! do you forgive me??  x

USERNAME my mom and dad made us shut down our computers  or else i'd be downloading gomez!

USERNAME you never answer and i'm your bigest fan in france 

USERNAME 3: i realy wana go. 

USERNAME i know im sad to if i cant talk to you!  we wil defently talk later ok hun #loveyou x

USERNAME yeah fuckers!!! i don't know how to write in cursive omg 

bating powerplay has become a jinx for team india.. mayb they shudnt take it at al :p

USERNAME nope  i gues there won't be any isue its 2.2 right?

USERNAME you hate me, why not folow me?? i'm sad  please?♥79

USERNAME never do for myself, have skin like leather as a result.  out in the sun al day, felt ok  x

USERNAME me neither!!!!! let's run away :p

starting point: st. ferdinand cathedral parish, lucena city #visitaiglesia #4sqnotworking  URL

that's how i fel.. rt USERNAME:  rt USERNAME: USERNAME don't kis me :'(

USERNAME we al love USERNAME at USERNAME/biebermania. best place to share news :p

i wana se david tenent again 

USERNAME i mis you guys 

USERNAME same for me. :p mondays are aways suckish. dani ;3

USERNAME shudup!!!!!!! i know it's lame and you kep on teling me it's an insult to my inteligence, but it's entertaining 

USERNAME: duh it was for you :p

USERNAME i caled u via facetime, but it didn't work  don't cal back naka, it's my mom's cel! hahahahah ☺ let's try it later!

USERNAME its crazy snow here 

USERNAME same, its such a shame for every single person on that show 

my hero USERNAME is dead and gone!!!  #tivoice

i wana hear it  “USERNAME: “USERNAME: USERNAME listenin to ya mixtape shit hot so far” ** thank you!”

USERNAME  se i would make u some tea but u proly gon end up pasing that on to me

i fel hopeles and like i fail you  URL

USERNAME uni ♥ what's shaking bacon :p sx

USERNAME i no! i've ben in hibernation  since i met u weve ben planin aladin haha after tues i get my life back so maybe after that 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: i mis al of us together 

USERNAME i fel so sory that u had to break up with justin.  those haters are so mean :/

USERNAME im on ma way tp ny now 

USERNAME aye wasup ? :p

rt USERNAME: *hugs you tighter* rt USERNAME: *gives you a big, tight hug* rt USERNAME: omg i'm terified, 

USERNAME hahahahaha i know! :'( i kinda couldn't believe when he did it, i was in shock but i was so hapy after! but now its dry again 

why does my throat hurt so much 

i spent 40$ at target :p  tehe

USERNAME i'm bored waiting for my piza :p

USERNAME no i wont be home til friday  my spring break starts then. not realy anything drastic, i want to ad layers and sidebangs.

USERNAME  are you going to go over?

USERNAME what's wrong with you? :p

i can't believe there's only 3 seasons left  (watching friends s07e01 via USERNAME) URL

USERNAME  i just wish we were 2gether again

USERNAME i must say your amazing in waterlo road! kep it up :p x

USERNAME aw  text me if you want to tal about it 

my damn cable went out for no reason and its not coming back on 

ugh , dnt lik this feling 

#pray4japan stil the nuclear is stil ruining it &amp; now its coming to california!  #pray4california &lt;3

:'( come to ife jo, heheh, wher r u sef? rt USERNAME mis u more rt USERNAME: USERNAME twin bro, misn u much much 

USERNAME no lol  7 more months!!!

lol, this was a god night on twiter... i saw jaden shirtles on tinychat for like 2 seconds :p but that's beter than nothing ((; g'night!

USERNAME i don't want you to. 

USERNAME what yona?! 

i went around the corner from my job to mike house...then went home...i caled u like an hr. ago tho!  &amp; ur such a jerk-my voice

USERNAME hahaha :p lol jk i'm going to be doing it son anyway :/ what kind of hw do u have?

USERNAME lol jokes :l ahaha i recon chris wil lok sexy with gren hair :p lol

USERNAME no i'm not  shatered!

USERNAME it was horible  they had to inject him twice aswel becuase they mised his vein the first time and he went ape x

knp emg may? rt USERNAME: jadi ga enak sama mirza for waiting to long. didn't mean that oney for sure. i'm teribly sory 

USERNAME sounds like a hectic day!!! :p

USERNAME hahaha yes you are mean machine :p

rt USERNAME: ive ben trying since 209 to get USERNAME to folow me. stil til this day,nothin.  but never say never right?

rt USERNAME: use code &quot;transmision&quot; at my USERNAME shop: URL for 15% of. because i ned to buy a new transmision  thank you!

i wana be short  5'5'' is to tal .

USERNAME either did i.. im so gna watch it again on youtube :p x

thanks :p rt USERNAME: you to  rt USERNAME: you can  rt USERNAME: g pasti bisa!!!! smangat... &gt;&lt;

sat in the staf rom eating jafa cakes.. coshty job :p

USERNAME it wasn't me :l that was aime :l sory :p hahaha

USERNAME no it's not so shut up. :p

aple tv won't conect to #netflix after the update  i ned to watch the ofice!!!

USERNAME  i stil have to write the damn curent event. whats the topic..?

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i wil so pwn you. ;) and i did. you just didn't reply to my text  bahaha

yeah, no one does that but you rt USERNAME: note: don't have chesecake at lunch then play foty... it sticks to your ribs 

USERNAME she got taken away lol no i don mean lol coz it aint funy it's sad  x

USERNAME that sucks. i didn't even know the deadline was extended 

USERNAME yeh i dno who she is haha but ima find it :p

finaly got my cat of me, but now he is guarding the sofa, so if i want to sit down, i wil just have to sit on the flor 

USERNAME lol i barely got any folowers 

USERNAME god luck with your concert tonight! wish i could have come  &lt;3

USERNAME its not. cuz its not an htc ;)  ;)  ;) ... 

USERNAME i wish i knew  im tryin to get him 2 give it 2 me. jwino n campbel told me they don't skype strangers. i was so mad

rt USERNAME: &quot;kil em with kindnes&quot; - justin bieber, &quot;kil em with hair flips&quot; - jason deps, &quot;kil em with pistols&quot; - jason mcan :p USERNAME &lt;3

USERNAME i'm god  i'm at a huge freakin mal :p lol how are you?! 

USERNAME oh man we so should play together, i mis it 

USERNAME kis my as! :p i'l try in the morning! i'm in bed now!

i wouldn't like to be in #hawks shoes right now  but i have to say i'm haply for the #canucks 

god wekend(; now driving back home &amp;&amp; schol tomorow  #gay.

USERNAME i mised mods chat?! 

USERNAME yeah x) nice to know u :p

my aviators broke 

USERNAME i did it for you. is justin folowing you? because i realy want him in my folowers list 

USERNAME agred! now i don't fel so bad anymore :p

USERNAME la la its not depresing, bas y3ni. its so amazing it brought me to tears!! feh shway nkad laken :p

lol my want and ned to be a part of the &quot;western hemisphere&quot; in terms of time means that i now have mesed up my ausie slep! 

USERNAME you never hit me up nomore , 

omg just had a coughin wi while drinkin cofe and it came outa my nose pahahahah ouch 

it was USERNAME's birthday gift to the god USERNAME :p

this house is so noisy! i wana go out for a few hours 

USERNAME couldn't the dorstep speak for itself?  lol! guesing she's out somewhere then?  x

over and out  ( for a couple of minutes ) :p xo

USERNAME oh  i think im startign to get one of those again, got a bad ankle atm can hardly walk x

USERNAME pft asa! USERNAME wil come ready to play. its up to the other guys to step up to paul's level! :p

USERNAME at least we both don't like cheryl cole. :p

i have the craving for popeyes myself rt USERNAME: i just wana eat some chicken 

rt USERNAME: my i phone is dead and packed up i fel like crying 

USERNAME the rest of the 6th years... :p

USERNAME i love your new picture! :p it's so cule

USERNAME haha :p :$ hate my sucking english teacher

USERNAME js listenin to my ipod,,in my own world rye now :p can't slep how about you?how old are you?

USERNAME nothing...house...film work  yes...i'm that profesional lol x

USERNAME i thought i was the only one who could rock your world! #jealous :p jks lol

USERNAME i just wanted to hug you and cher you up 

wel played qpr won 6-3  i didn't score so i couldn't do the USERNAME dance 

i hate bad memories 

USERNAME yeah im in australia and yeah he has but he hasn't tweted anything 

thankyou  rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: hey hury up get wel vony ;)rt USERNAME: damn! i got vertigo d:

i wana be maried already and start a fam...  wanting a carer puts everything on hold! n it sucks.

tomorow morning is going to suck. #springbreakisover 

USERNAME i studied psychology. two years. it made me even crazier :p

just got word that my aunt has pased away.  #fb

USERNAME wel at least you're hapy  what's al these ? i haven't heard of them before  and you dah check my tumblr ? ke folow je :p

USERNAME rt im oficialy mad at mr. le , he knows why  !

i'm a litle bit hungry to, supose i beter eat at some point today! 

USERNAME  wel acept al meds and take them responsibly... glad you're ok lady

went into new lok loking for 2 specific t-shirts (8.9 or 2 for £12 on the website) they didn't have any of the ones from that section 

USERNAME it's hard to be notice by u.. girls spaming u al the time.. and i have tryed one year now ..  when is my day?1

was rifling through my old writings, and it sems half my entries are regrets about not writing. :p *mind = moebius strip*

i was watching the sex education show, then got reminded by my sister that vampire diaries is on  already sen it tbf :p

bad shave day. 

rt USERNAME: i dnt wana go to this track met  i'm so tired

USERNAME by contacting al their advertisers abt this story. :p

i mad i mised the twets about southwod throwbacks 

USERNAME if you were not going to be at, i would have bought 2 of these and a gslate...  

minho of course♥ rt USERNAME: twet me your bias if you're online ! :p

rt USERNAME: watching the royal weding and crying. i want to be a princes 

USERNAME - sounds fun  i stil gota be here for another hour .

rt USERNAME sigh. my oil glands have al of a suden gone into overdrive nowadays.  must find something... URL

USERNAME hahaha quite long ar? (: shod met up someday :p

USERNAME got a kid czn here who wants me to curse at you :p so something realy bad to your mother ! :p :p

USERNAME USERNAME i only hate it cuz he iked it . he said tht was fun hahah .. thts why i hate it . cuz i hate him  :p

i think i should get my own manga but chantel keps quiting on her ideas 

rt USERNAME: we were 5 minutes late!! and now we are on standby for a flight :| i ned to get to la  #badtimes

woah. its ben awhile :p

avoiding asignmenting at al costs :p

i downloaded a leak of the new panic album like a wek ago &amp; never listened to it. i wana actualy buy the cd but i have no money   

USERNAME anw, mis you to :p

acin uda dong sayang  rt USERNAME: god luck USERNAME !!!!! god bles you !!!! sukses  clbk !!!

USERNAME im not sure.. :p i think oceanside is 20-30 minutes away..

USERNAME i've ben up since yesterday 

USERNAME wel he can block me if he wants...it's not like his twet are very insightful either :p

rt USERNAME: i've ben act like i'm okay, but actualy i am not   #tlf

re: it's about the stupid light cycles: whats wrong with girly matches?  URL

USERNAME ew.. that song is lame 

USERNAME el 4 no leas 

for god sake! yes my icon always has some part with jb on always! including this one ! :p

USERNAME aw u love ur b that much huh? sory bout that 

“USERNAME: i'm thinkin' that if that man tried to get a fish pedicure.. the fish would just die.” lmfao ur mean!!! por fishies 

rt USERNAME: se it? rt it :p i like to rhyme, is that a crime ? xd x

USERNAME haha sounds like a plan :p tel me how it goes aha

USERNAME USERNAME bufet was in blr? thats why it hasnt rained here 

USERNAME stop tweting my sister and not me 

i'm sleping early with my dogs tonight. i don't want to be stuck in this crud. al i ned is to find a healthy solution. 

USERNAME maybe it thinks it's a dog.  if it starts barking, you could probably make some money!

rt USERNAME: i ned a cudle budy  // word

USERNAME is there anywhere we can lok to find who's homes have ben burnt; family lives on the lake 

i'm closing bigby down, i'm so hard core! :p

USERNAME thanks, taking the lead while tim is at the game :p

i think i should lose more weight :p easy and quick way to lose weight URL

USERNAME we al ned to be huging each other, b. lolcenton have said godbye and are deleting within the wek. 

USERNAME i swear i sent you an email to join the domo project. i remember writing it, but it didn't get sent.  i hope that domo has

USERNAME yah bro  when we mosing?

wow i am dead or twiter is dead?? :/ :p

USERNAME yeah but we go back sunday 

USERNAME robs, you coming? USERNAME cant eh 

now i'm craving for baguio's ube 

USERNAME bos lady...i think you forgot about me :p

i get so excited when i se jb's icon on my folowers......then i realize its someone else............... 

USERNAME ok then, i blv u. :p

USERNAME i would be very sad. 

i'm so confused ... 

USERNAME plz folow because wel #9milionbeliebers but now im #losing cause u wont notice me  28

USERNAME hehehe :p

USERNAME i can't now!  ima just get it repierced. i love piercings anyway.

:o lecture me madam pe hi dhyan rehta he kya tera? :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME arey woh toh lakdi jaisi hai :p

i'm not mad that justin is going out with selena i'm just mad because he doesn't smile anymore like he used to before. 

aw man! fel beter! rt USERNAME: i fel a cold coming on.  that sucks big time. god morning al!

lol i can't either :p USERNAME

oh.  how?? she has two phones. USERNAME

oh no....my panther card 

USERNAME today is my bday please wish me a #hapybdayandi  im your bigest fan please please sean, anyway you'l never notice me 

USERNAME what's wrong? 

USERNAME no nd it's a pain 

i can never count on my dad he beter hury and get his but here so i can go se say hi!!!!!!!!!!!!  ah.

USERNAME lol. sadly is after jongki went of 

&quot;USERNAME: USERNAME i wouldn't mind&quot;ah...to bad we are states apart 

USERNAME do a met and gret in newcastle when its your show. please? 

USERNAME USERNAME wanganui colegiate or solway in masterton. because my parents think itd be god for me  ah xo

rt USERNAME: so USERNAME rewets, replys, and dms his fans. where is mine? 

USERNAME just this weks gona be hel and today i must stay at schol til late  bah! =s

USERNAME 

USERNAME nvm nvm.. today enjoy ok!! omg~ so envy! 

USERNAME i cant honey  ive got no charge can u just twet me? x

USERNAME i actualy couldn't make it...  sory. let me know how it goes though!

USERNAME sayang!   which colege?

USERNAME ye no bother im just going for the surf dudes with sgrufy hair hahaha :p

last night was my schol's sadies but i didn't go 

USERNAME i just wanted to know what the plans were. 

USERNAME we wil figure it out, wait til i don't have to wear this stupid shoe anymore 

USERNAME , please refolow me ! i blocked you by acident  stupid block buton was underneath the mention buton ! :/ #imadumbas.9

rt USERNAME: i fel like a kid as i'm totaly crushing on someone right now.  :p

i fel like i'm more likely to win the loto than to have goten the long form census. sigh &amp; this was likely my last chance to get one 

rt USERNAME: my honey love isn't on my line 

buger! late fo't wedin   URL

USERNAME sory josh bosh i fel aslep. my dad and the rest are stil unreachable...  x

USERNAME no  library . it was to cold in there lol

USERNAME thanks &lt;3 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME  sory dadie , mi styl love yuh ♥

having a very strong urge to cut my hair 

USERNAME i pay just over 6 in oz 

mad as f.ck im working at 4 today! i wana go to the lathrup game! 

USERNAME don't move around to much .... it could end #mesy :p lol x

USERNAME i have always felt like runing away. runing away = more problems with mum. why are mothers like that? at least, my mum. 

USERNAME twitpic the cake or what's left of it. :p

what ever,, 

USERNAME lol that wouldn't be a very busy wek, that is basicaly backup catcher amount of work :p

USERNAME lol then stop acepting so many people :p some people are creps

USERNAME big dady vlady just sent a vapor trail into the leftfield stands. to bad it was against the twins 

USERNAME actualy i made it ages ago,but its so boring i cba to use it! :p

USERNAME i dont like how the new one loks 

USERNAME um bored 

life is to short to live normal so be crazy! :p

i believe you like hary poter's movies, don't you think? USERNAME. in that case , be my mate  :p

USERNAME aw  wel i'm great!

USERNAME now realy fancy malteasers!!! none in the house though  note to self must puchase tomorow!!! x

USERNAME oh my god. get out shanon. it's the nicest thing ever, chicken wings m! i'm geting hungry thinking about it  lmfao.

rt USERNAME: USERNAME folowd! how are you going to stop mesi? lol, have a safe trip back, had fun having u guys around, haha work on ur english :p

ugh, i have to help with this play for 2 hours 

copious blod may make sweney tod viewers se red sweney tod :p URL

USERNAME thanks , a litle suport is what i ned (: but you don't understand i loked everywhere 

USERNAME is fuckin mean as fuck 

thank you aple, for wasting my time. r.i.p ipod december 25th 208 - april 18th 201 

 my baby not here today

USERNAME but i doubt they have that color. 

USERNAME i know you do :p

had a hair cut and i hate it. wil take my grad photo next wednesday 

USERNAME yes 

i hate this pain 

USERNAME #17factsaboutchese sounds kind of yumy. :p only one person i folow did #10factsaboutme but she's a comedian, very funy.

wonder what my brother doing? proly at da beach  somewhere i ned to be.

don't we al  rt USERNAME i just want to be noticed.

USERNAME no  r.i.p. gogled it, it's a bicycle acident or something? 

rt USERNAME: #storiesfromschol treating your teacher like you're in the same age. :p

aw  rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: USERNAME are u going to the bal?«nope..my haitian sensations don't wana go..smfh..lol..u??

coz we both so distant now, rt USERNAME: like a walk in the darknes 

hoh can i just skip this meting? i ned my bed so bad 

USERNAME u in gaithersburg cutie? ow! we cuda ben goin out for pedis #nshit. i know no one out here. 

USERNAME never folow me, ok. but this is the life.. 

USERNAME il update you what time ako makakauwi tomorow  yup 25 so early  why mean! ) hala haha

rt USERNAME: hilary's gone! d': i'm gona mis her so much! and she wrote me a beautiful leter!  in english 

USERNAME that's if you buy me shawarma :p hahah!

USERNAME me to popy, me to 

USERNAME yea i'm god  btw you lok gorgeous in your profile pic  i just had to say that :p

USERNAME we're stil using ours 

risau  rt USERNAME: USERNAME whoah ahahaha he knew you'l always love fn. so, he should se… (cont) URL

USERNAME ur going this wekend ? :p it loks like we're doing made nxtwek cuz my pils last a wek so that means i'l be fine later 

#10factsaboutme sering mimpi ketem USERNAME #6

USERNAME so sory i mised your birthday, old gal. 

USERNAME :p my deadline was last &quot;friday friday get it done by friday~&quot;

USERNAME i have like 4 tickets but i can't go  #sadtimes

rt USERNAME: my heart broke a litle more when i saw the picture of selena and justin 

USERNAME no no no ur rite i mean lok at my nose. smh 

dont know about my cake nemore 

rt USERNAME: i mis talking to USERNAME 

always droping my phone 

i fel like taning aw the drink in ma fridge.. so depresed after the night 

oh gosh i so don't wana go to work  argh!!

rt USERNAME kak folback aku donk plis 

USERNAME i like how your parents realy didn't come home til 10! :p

USERNAME i know its corect, you made it sound like we went further haha :p

USERNAME mis you to bf, you never text me back or anything tho 

USERNAME i was in clas  but don't wory, you'l be seing a lot of me!! were on the same team ;]

USERNAME i'm like refreshing it every two minutes 

just got home from work, long day  tired URL

USERNAME justin plz folow me back cmon justin why so hard have u in my folowers??  love u justin

ay no do not leave us! (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME i'd totaly take that clas with you, if i lived in wa stil. 

thanks for the invite skanks USERNAME USERNAME  #merh 

:p aple to charge for ipad os upgrades URL os upgrades

yay working on easter a 10 hour shift.... fml 

had a nightmare about my ex... it was terible 

USERNAME lol, i supose. :p

USERNAME aw i'm sory to hear that 

by eyes are itchy can't stop rubing them grh  their sore ;( and i'm crying ;(

dancin time woho :p haha - al of us!! 

USERNAME i know 

USERNAME please folow me, it would mean the world to me, i have ben trying to get noticed for over a year but you never have  #191

i hate when i find out that &quot;the couple i thought would definitely make it&quot; is actualy geting divorced. 

think that was a hit at me  lol

#10factsaboutme hapal semua lagu USERNAME :p #1 [like it? URL ]

just tok this medicine, and it made me fel worst. 

fuck me 

USERNAME gr- sobrang nakakamis- as in- 

USERNAME aw i'm sory 

USERNAME oh no! wel get your but into gear misy :p

#theawkwardmomentwhen ....you mis USERNAME 's #epictwets 

USERNAME USERNAME hey, can you folow me back?  ... it's okay , you can't se my twet .. because (cont) URL

credit low!  buy later. hahahaha!

USERNAME i know  pf

USERNAME oh wel you suck :p there was just a loud bang outside and now im scared again 

USERNAME i think the end of the year beaut but nathan ain't gna be in it 

markovproceser... :p

don't do it!  rt USERNAME: speaking of stupid shit, i also mad the horible decision to watch spiderbabe. i should kil myself for...

hm a masive dynorod van is at the gates wanting aces! i know nothing about this! blody james never here when i ned him!  of to

i'm now being informed what #tfm is :p

my legs are biting with lactic acid...i don't rest enough 

USERNAME justin seing u folowing 10,482 fans and i cant be 1 hurts me i rly does  2

rt USERNAME: i'm not to sure USERNAME is ever coming back  ---aw 

USERNAME it's always ben my true caling in life. :l btw. remember i said i'd think about the met up. wel i can't anyway. i'm working 

USERNAME but so many of your ilustrations would make great tatos  to bad i am 50 

#thingsimis my dad 

my arm stil hurts from where USERNAME punched me  sad face

USERNAME USERNAME i'd set a limit on what's the most you can manage to contribute &amp; that would be it.  crapy situation

not feling wel  :/

USERNAME do you think blaine has a type of guy? 075939790 cal me :p #darencrislivestream

USERNAME or should i say, e lucas! :p and inded 

USERNAME yea ikr  haha ohwel popeyes after my exams!

pasing sean's and seing al the cars makes me sad  po

ts.. maiden tocó wicker man y blod brothers!  x esas 2 valía el boleto!

USERNAME lol sory homes im exhausted :p thats true gr the only thing we have thats the same is our pe clothes but thats stupid lol xd

#twitof ...... #memories 

wow, sems like forever since i've talked to savana. 

come on, ariza. don't do this. i stil like you from your laker days.  and no, that's def not a flagrant foul. gez....

USERNAME  i mis sitin at da table wit u

USERNAME no.  there's a reason behind that. read about it. dreams def have hiden meanings.

rt USERNAME: 'prety as a picture' :p URL

USERNAME think yourself lucky, i'm realy cold. now wait a minute, shouldn't these twets be the other way round??? horid here!! 

USERNAME. yeah, and i'm alergic to them 

USERNAME unyuk syg thankyou :p sory bru buka twit hehe

cheryl cole lost ashley cole. it's just a mater of time before she gets another as hole :p i used to luvya cheryl but not anymore :p

USERNAME okay :l idk wa that is :p and what you mean  no?

aw :') i mis you, to!  let's se each other son? rt USERNAME USERNAME i mis you. :'(

USERNAME not the biological one i mean :p

i hate living so far! 

wheres the sun gone man kmt! we was on a rol 

USERNAME aw me to 

dont say my face yuan yuan ley 

i lost half my voice again. 

USERNAME i know 

USERNAME what you cant folow your friend of 20 some od years.....thanks 

USERNAME hm, leme go through yo folowers to try &amp; put two &amp; two together :p

USERNAME soposed to be but didn't make it today 

onew not here 

the way i fel like i've just lost my left leg 

USERNAME that has yet to be determined. :p

USERNAME rather get it done today! 

went from excelent to bad to worse. sirius' mother would be sad.  rt @  evil_dumbledore sirius black &gt; jacob black &gt; rebeca black.

USERNAME i know! i just got back from the worst camp :p literaly no one liked it

USERNAME imsoryimsuchabadfriend. andimsoryimgoneslashmadslashsadalthetime 

USERNAME robin, now where r u ????? i mis you 

it's miz time if he loses i'l be hugely disapointed 

i'm trademarking it as mine.. to bad.. :p rt USERNAME: why's hujam trademarked? i heard it 2 years ago 

USERNAME aw, hope you finaly get to go to your bakery clases. oh! did you se they aded anaheim? we'd go to disneyland! :p #nedmore$$$

USERNAME do it on moms day :p

rt USERNAME: i'm so woried about damon &amp; elena.. 

i'm cold  i hate geting up even more when i'm cold

USERNAME bahaha i don't hate them, i just don't realy love them :p i have no opinion on them :p

acho inclusive que vcs deveriam parar de me dar unfolow 

USERNAME you don't love me 

USERNAME : me to  &amp;&amp; i kep eating . lol .

USERNAME gr8 moro, the 1 i have is also scratched..  just finished on set, of home now, x. shoting 2moro so i'l b in 2nite

USERNAME 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME aw nisha! you're so swet! damnit! i wish i was there!!!! it would have ben a night to remember!!! 

#1factsaboutme sayang #dearyangtaktergapai :p

i wish i was feling as god as i was yesterday, today 

nick's germs are oficialy of my hands 

i always mis u,but u did know it  hope that this wek done fastly and we'l met in the jhs

USERNAME i know  i'l be back though!

USERNAME  oh i thought you were gone crazy its ok pl he not talkin tio hmself :p

1omf is real cranky right now... and he being mean 

it's over... *sigh* no more medukas  #ihasasad #madoka_magica #meduka_meguca

USERNAME it's not that expensive 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: my bm is dead  &lt; ned more contacts?«yea mehn

which kind rain nw... 

USERNAME then turn of the light. :p

USERNAME said i lok horible . . . ===&gt; 

:'( rt USERNAME: 2 hours again! 

no  rt USERNAME: i get back in va today. who coming to get me from the airport??

fuck u man i wana be go to bambozle so bad. 

USERNAME haha. okay :p cuz we got tickets for the second night. and then my friend won tickets and a m&amp;g to the first night. - juz

he started something he couldn't finish 

USERNAME yeah! i get to cry to! very emotional! 

USERNAME hey i stay'd home from schol 2day (i'm sick) 

USERNAME ah swet.  i ned to catch up on  hary poter movies. :p

my stomach hurts... night... 

USERNAME wel surely god... engagement... hes from us..  not a &quot;socer&quot; fan.. lol.. :p

 i'm not ready to go home

its monday! its monday! everyones mad because its not the wekend 

i hate when i fel like pl are having fun without me 

don't fel wel 

i ordered dkrds for my nephew at gamestop online.  they gave me a copy that was chewed up by a dog. 

dont wana talk to anyone. such a headache. 

USERNAME yes it is!! bc its yours &amp; you're the hotest!! sory i can't be part of it (kick in my but  )

USERNAME i would ...i can't swim tho  #fail lolol

USERNAME having same problem...let me know if you find a solution! can't remove mine either 

USERNAME you cant do that!! my mom won't let me!!! 

USERNAME wel i'd mary you but you smel and never reply to me 

today realy isnt guna be a god day with harvey geting put down  and nan having her surgery 

so fast it's monday tomorow 

ugh i just threw up 

USERNAME iuno we have to wait 

USERNAME nah we todavia no pagan 

and so what?! :p

USERNAME it was dude  an then we just run like no big deal :p

USERNAME fel realy sick and weird and just blah. i realy cba for busines to and just cwk in general. its kiling me slowly 

haha, maca cih? :p rt USERNAME: kim so hyun's voice ƪ(ˇ▼ˇ)¬ rt USERNAME: cieh rt USERNAME: hear his voice ♡

my purple lamp is now broke sadly!  probably gona get a new one maybe pink and black 

USERNAME lol. you forgot maybe their station got damaged or something or the logistics problems 

USERNAME: omg!! me to!! im in so much ned of someone to cudle with! 

changin my name to aniabeliebs! :p

USERNAME lol your probably right :p

USERNAME haha fair enough :p hope your okie and al 

USERNAME  please wish me and USERNAME luck, we have an english exam today!  much love from holand x

USERNAME  that would be horible. and id cry. 

oh sory, forgot about edie turnbul and wilie o'neil to. 

USERNAME we fifa-ing later? :p

USERNAME im just trying to help 

actualy, i'm not used to talk with european people  my feling always makes me think so and i sometimes fel unconfortable 

i'm so clumsy i swear 

i think i broke my toe 

USERNAME thought you would've ben the first in the queue at regent stret to pick up an ipad2 :p

USERNAME its thr everywhere. i have a sore throat now 

i love you USERNAME  thank you for everything :* sigawan tayo ulit later pag may batery ka na :*

USERNAME beby kamu lg broken heart ya ? :'( me to loh 

USERNAME whats the one thing you mis the most about the uk? :p

she jus wont believe me 

USERNAME ye kas, ye. u can compose a song alrdy :p

mj i mis u so much! 

i fel like im on top of the world :p

sad i can't go to earth day w/ USERNAME USERNAME &amp; USERNAME  have fun for me!

USERNAME 

is my USERNAME coming to the voleybal banquet this wekend? 

USERNAME sga meting  &amp;then hw

i dont think i ever ben this sick in my life 

wel. i fel royaly shit right about now. it's ben a nasty couple of days. 

rt USERNAME: i hate it when my hair loks decent at night because i know when i wake up it wil lok like shit 

empty. i fel so scared when the sun goes down and al i se is darknes inside 

back to work 

USERNAME i'm so close to u but i can't se u!!!!!  #lebanonwantsbieber

USERNAME  but we couldve more fun with u around &gt;&lt;

al my friends are out partying .. without me..  #wah

yo i mis my yoyo  lol nolies

USERNAME wahey! :p

folow --------&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;... USERNAME they only ned 5 more folowers to get to 20 :p x ..... go folow them now !! x

USERNAME boy you ned to change you twiter name! 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME pft. i'm in schol so ur lucky :p x

i mis playing beach voleybal and drinking endles mojitos 

USERNAME turn your  upside down. ))))

USERNAME i'am very disapointed with you, there are hundreds beliebers waiting for you that you arival at soekarno hata airport 

USERNAME hey you reply 

USERNAME lol i'm tryna help you out u so mean! to me i swear! 

USERNAME lol mis you to love monkey i fel like i have nothing to do without you 

USERNAME you would know :p

i cant even lok at her page cause when i se dat twet it hurts me 

rt USERNAME i ned a tan .. asap   URL &lt;&lt; yes!! someone brighter than me!! lol

USERNAME i think i canot get in the audition already eh 

USERNAME i'm just kiding, love &lt;3. i wouldn't disown you hahaha :p

USERNAME is your throughout the years up yet? please reply. u are like a celebrity. many twets but no reply :p ur awesome blair!

USERNAME me and him have a fight. even though we arent together. :p

woke up to terible gastric pain!  it's geting worst recently!!!! arh!

USERNAME i'm on a plane sucka. don't make me get ethic with u on twiter on a sunday. :p

USERNAME hehe they gave me 'the lok' an al ;) haha :p aw bles ya lol

USERNAME twitswet i mis ya 

wel this is weird :p on my ipod my twiter name is stil USERNAME, but on my computer it shows my new twiter name USERNAME

USERNAME i know   i was in the courtrom with the defendant during it.. it's a sad story

URL where did they disapear to  godnes so freaking beter than you noe which band!

USERNAME ashley stinston loves you &amp;  owns everything jb and would love to met you , she's sick  make her dreams come true &lt;3

USERNAME its weird -- i couldn't live w|out you, yet you probably don't even know i exist!  i love you hb, always!

USERNAME yes sometimes. i'm bored. :p

USERNAME sory  but that was a serious question lmao

USERNAME i'm not gona make it i'm dozing of 

USERNAME USERNAME i can't wear that i gota wear my uniform 

USERNAME can you dm me your email? i have pics huby &amp; i tok 4 christmas card but i can't edit  i'l email the pics over w/thoughts

pengen beli dvd facing the giants, the blind side sama the pursuit of hapines 

USERNAME haha yes! cause it's anoying me when people realy want to met someone and you go 'oh i've met them loads of times..' :p x

USERNAME lol its bad over here to 

USERNAME hahahahaha! you know me to wel zenie :p next wek my finals lah. this wekend?

USERNAME rt USERNAMEhad the shoulder x-rayed again and i've puled the cartilage of the bone in my shoulder so can't race  guted!

USERNAME i just triped and steped on the spindle you made me and cracked the shaft    packing is dangerous.

USERNAME realy?  that was choikang changmin, maknae from tvxq 

USERNAME okay, i'l just mary a plant 

USERNAME boring  but god stil...went out for a min...i'm watching this blackbery babes movie now , after that i'l proly study

rt USERNAME: the relationship stages - ;) :p   ? :@ :|  :'(

if rebeca black had a beter voice and beter songs, i think she would be beter and talented, no ofence to al the fans out there, :p

cake. i want cake  starbucks cake. 

USERNAME wow, rich girl! :p

USERNAME yea she's sexy i m folowing her from 1 year :p she loks older than duminy though USERNAME USERNAME

USERNAME work work work  lol

USERNAME sory, i don't know :p i just found that at mt.takao in tokyo. 

my rom  USERNAME il be back @ like 3 clas at 30

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i love fish net stockings :p

they rock :p rt USERNAME: karlas rocks!!! :p rt USERNAME karla rocks :p

USERNAME yeah! me to, they're realy anoying! and i have twet limit only when i have to twet sth important, always! 

i had a dream, that vancouver had a huricane.  im scared. i dont want to die, these continuance large earthquakes in japan is scaring me.

USERNAME thank you again! you're the best! wish you were siting here with me 

USERNAME these are the ones i have URL and here's how i use them URL :p

USERNAME (cont) i wonder if it's a touch thing. but, he said he doesn't want to lok funy in bubles but wil sit 30 min naked! :p

USERNAME nearly there !! :p craic??

USERNAME yea.. day ten here i come   #biterswet

USERNAME ah me to  shower scene as wel!?!?  x

so tired and grumpy...just wana stay in bed al day n be left alone 

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

USERNAME aw your so lucky  x

when i start my carer &amp; i'm the big bos &amp; a sucesful even planer . i'm getn a sleve . i want 0ne so bad   . lol yea i'm nuts so

USERNAME lucky! it's cloudy here 

USERNAME i'm down to 3 contacts... this is very bad times! tip don't mix blondes and technology! even hairdye doesn't help! 

USERNAME lol yup it was mykal and nope lol another night of no slep! 

USERNAME people going to mas and me walking pas the loking like shit. amazing! i ventured out of dublin last night. i'm near nas 

laish mcdonald's wayd 7elw !!! :p

rt USERNAME: english clas  does it count as part of my esay if i twet alexz johnson related stuf in english??

this gals display picture is driving me crazy  someone pls change it....

USERNAME don't say something's wrong :p you are ! &lt;3

now 8 in 91  rt USERNAME just 84 neded in 104 bals  . . . . hope india wil do it without any problems

USERNAME sory for the delay. ben watching them take down the grenhouses. another local busines tits up!   it sickens me

hm i gues you guys don't love me as much as u say u do  if you do vote for USERNAME URL

USERNAME sounds more like alergies/hay fever to me, not a cold  get sum piritons down yr neck. polen season has just started....

USERNAME  hahaha. i let you drive first okay. :p URL

USERNAME né  nem ontem direito (

USERNAME donc, time-wize c'est le double 

USERNAME ...evem though twilight is the bigest load of crap ever 

USERNAME omg...that piece of shit 

i don't know whether to fel hapy or disapointed in myself that i lost by 1% 

USERNAME yeah it would be if we hadn't already learned al of the stuf in schol... 

i second that! rt USERNAME: i'm geting fat! 

USERNAME no...i'm on a field trip &amp; he don't have his phone 

i find it  gay tht when someone says rt this if.... nd the. no one rts it nd ur twets jus sitin there felin blow 

rt USERNAME: justin bieber please notice me  i love you so much &lt;3 USERNAME

stop teling me i have twets when i don't  ek

 i gues im invisible lol...oh wel.

tô morta 

USERNAME i send u lor!!!  it's in my twitpic btw and i cant se the dm 

USERNAME chal rahi hai... bored to the core.. 

USERNAME keke is it because of bigbang and 2ne1 who endorsed it? :p jokin 

dont u mis there teribly?  “USERNAME: my parcel of poteries from japan reminds me to upload my photos from japan son! lol~”

USERNAME yeah.  but my mom has to get back to work son &amp; it's hard to stay for long.how about i promise that i try to come back nxt yr?

USERNAME i've lost 10lbs in the last 3 weks. how many have you lost? :p

USERNAME who ??? u/me ? 

niveka is sick  hpe she gets wel son 

wah i fel aslep on the couch 

jack swager &amp; michael cole win  [like it? URL ]

mom neds to hury up .. i'm trying to slep 

i'm so tired!  *hint* *hint* USERNAME

USERNAME yeah i so do 

i'm losing my voice. i hope this doesn't make my twets sound weird 

USERNAME get peixuan's :p

i'm realy like tearing up because i want USERNAME  to hear my rap but..  i dont think she's going to click the link

USERNAME so hapy for u!!!!! ur no1 fan won't be there  wat date is it again?

:p tipsoninterview.in URL seo

ima try and catch some sales lol rt USERNAME: USERNAME psh. i have a job &amp; stil couldnt se myself shoping there lol 

USERNAME folow back? :o i aint folowing back :p lol jk jk  ur welcome(:

USERNAME haha i stil love her!! aw i've never sen her live 

crank that souljah boy! :p

USERNAME awh  you al right? yeah i had a god slep  &lt;3 x

lol&quot;USERNAME: me to  rt USERNAME dnt knw Ɣ am up dis early&quot;

i'm so ready 2 go 

USERNAME omg is that sarcasm 

i knew u was on the low smh :p rt USERNAME: my boyfriend #2 lol adrian &lt;3 URL

USERNAME  draw original art again.........

rt USERNAME: wow man the service in the caribean shops are bad man, this lady makes me not wana eat this fod again 

i lost my chapstick  my day is ruined.

USERNAME haha my pic in the dp!! :p hehehehehehehehehehehehehe i predicted it al from the midle..it's nice not lame!! lol:p

USERNAME hahaha okay :p

gota get global entry. one hour in cbp line after 6-hour flight is intolerable.  plus it's frezing.  URL

of to clas.. ugh, blah 

USERNAME oh ok. sad thing is, i won't se you guys in high schol 

a iya i mis you to nik  you jumat libur ?rt USERNAME: i mis biaphangramond ! belom selesai cerita yeh!

its to bright! al i can se is my reflection.. but i want to watch this dvd! 

USERNAME i'm starting to get that to i think i'ma get there son -_- the worst part is that i slep al my way through schol lmao :p

USERNAME mine used to do that, but something has changed somehow 

(╥﹏╥) rt USERNAME: cup cup cup (っ˘з(˘⌣˘ ) rt USERNAME: drtd cm puter2 track pad k atas k bwh.. *melas.. 

i know i shouldnt slep al day so i can actualy slep before 6 am.... but its so tempting...  #merda

walking alone to church #howsad 

USERNAME oh dear, that's awful!  i'm sory...

USERNAME ye i hope...shes mean 

USERNAME yup! got it. cge na nga. ma re ched na nga lang. dont like the weather. 

USERNAME oh dear sory you're il  make the most of an enforced rest x

rt USERNAME: if you can resist him , teach me :p ~ URL

ko bisa ? dicolong? yah ampun  folowed rt USERNAME: haci ilang (( okeoke folowed. folowback chikrt ... URL

USERNAME when are you nick and kevin coming to denmark again? we mis you here  #cambiochat

i am ! wats the problem !  rt USERNAME if you're in front of a computer atm, i ned your help please 

im in pain  hes gt sum strenth on him fur a 10 munth old wean :o

USERNAME 

god morning twit heads  how are we al doing? it loks as if its going to pe down 

i wish my friend USERNAME was awake so he could sing to me 

i realy don't like when it is this dark outside in az... i already mis the sun!!! 

USERNAME no i'm working 

USERNAME alcoholic :p hihi...

xq -.- rt&quot;USERNAME: no puedo hacer twet's cursis              #coñoehlamadre&quot;

rt USERNAME: bitches be loking like they got some big twat's when u se the camel toes and shit.. come to find out.... its pusy hair 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME aw  i'l be back tomorow i promise lol

USERNAME that's kinda sad!  i would say, &quot;nice to met you. i was &amp; stil am a big fan.&quot; hahaha 

 i think pl dnt like me 

without me we were suposed to go tuesday  rt USERNAME: getin my nails did ;d

USERNAME i can't even go  i gota freakin work. yes fml

why oh why must the weather be so wishy washy out here 

USERNAME  i wil, i love you to

USERNAME não 

USERNAME 10 min??!!! are you a retard?  :p

what ??? jacob lusk and pia toscano in botom thre??? can't believe it ... 

USERNAME oh lmfao, haha yeah that's what i thought to :p

i think i mite ned 1!  rt USERNAME: let's go get the dream catcher from my fav store! rt

rt USERNAME oh my god i've sen some pics of the #supermon. spechles. &lt;3 i'm sad i didn't se it.. 

1mnute more, i'l die.. . . . .  . who's care  no one

i cant talk to my mama!!! 

USERNAME im trying....gues wat 

which day is today, rebeca black??? :p

USERNAME liby said she'd ring me. but i'm just geting ready. ben up since 8. in a realy bad mod though. 

USERNAME lol !! my brain already filed with information i realy don't ned lies to remember to :p

rt USERNAME: when someone says: 'scoter', you no longer think of the toy scoter, you think of USERNAME :p #itsabelieberthing

USERNAME once again the buritos hit the spot  but i think we were so eager to eat we forgot the firecracker 

rt USERNAME: joe jonas &amp; ashley grene were cute together! why the break up? why 

“USERNAME: someone dedicated don't leave twiter, please  to USERNAME” exactly!

aw brad tok us to his friends house and he let me hold a kiten. he said i could have it! i want it but parents said no 

i woke up in a great mod (x with nothing to do 

i mis jefrey  , i wish he was here right now !!!!!!!!!!!!

man im so cold 

USERNAME i folowed USERNAME 

rt USERNAME: i hate wednesday. yeah :p beg cnfirm berat. tsk.

USERNAME arw wish i could watch it but our lib is down  x

i hate chaped lips! 

USERNAME i'm runing late again! you'l be mised. 

rt USERNAME: dear rebeca black, we dont hate you because you are famous. you are famous because we hate you. :p

USERNAME the coast is cold okay  and some of us can't just province hop :p

USERNAME be acting like i ain't ben cufed that tho. never showing love 

USERNAME aw its cute you think its a dream. i like that your sticking to history. stick to present facts. i'm feling sory for you. 

USERNAME what? there was a der? i didn't even se it.  i must have ben to involved in making sure i don't fal. 

rt USERNAME: listening to dr bieber and thinking about USERNAME :') damn i mis her so much  x

USERNAME i like the mango/tea drink from arizona, dr.peper, fanta strawbery, &amp; cokeyes iknow not healthy :p

USERNAME can't realy do tomorow during the day, wil be in the british museum at a conference... this is ridiculous! 

nape nda? rt USERNAME: it's just from sinyo huh :/ felin no hopes 

my pandora is not working!  punk as blackbery! i ned my music!! puts me to slep!

sucks not having a guy  welp schol son...

those vids justin tweted are so sad  #stopbulying

USERNAME awh thats so cute lol!  hes young as wel! my future husbands 25! :p hes dutch man! dutch men are sexay!!  x

USERNAME i believe in my dreams and that they wil come true if you wil stop spaming me haha jk :p

USERNAME USERNAME hey  it's realy not nice out today at al - makes me not want to do anything :p wel excep… (cont) URL

USERNAME :p i want USERNAME to

USERNAME  meme may elderly guy sa tabi ko ni wawatch siya porn  scary shiz

nedz some freindz  plz.

USERNAME lol i wonder where ya went to gosh 

what i realy want to say if &quot;i want to fal again, wil you catch me?&quot; but, i doubt he's got the love muscle.  #torn

USERNAME i envy you  | enjoy the show! | britneyrocksvegas

wow this rain jus realy brought it to my head. my hair loks a mes   im upset, so il jus take my as to bed. &gt;:o

yeah that sucks rt USERNAME: about to get in this 2piece  that gym ben treating me god. to bad my camera don't work 

USERNAME you to fre ah, why rewrite. -.- me writing now. 

USERNAME never mind :p inside joke

i think i fried my phone  i'l se when i get home though

USERNAME but i was sick in paris, thre weks ago. and it fels weird.  i hope it does. i can't be sick again.  i'm never sick!

lmfao  rt; USERNAME  only people on my timeline is sheda &amp; amyna , ima dub

spent my birthday so far not at work as planed, but in bed sick.   please make it al stop spining!

aw he didn't pick up the phone 

USERNAME USERNAME  i am figuring it al out for you ladies.

USERNAME i want to go club leh 

n e 1 else feling as anoyed as me? we let chelski overtake us. very sad 2nite 

USERNAME i'm jaming out to country music, wish you were here to hear it  haha mis you!

air india pilot union says henceforth its members wil fly only snag fre planes. were they flying defective planes al these while? 

rt USERNAME: sounds like a plan ' :p rt: USERNAME: lets just go away me &amp; you?

back up...my stomach hurt  smh this is kilinq me shit i stay in pain! #help

USERNAME so what? english is easy! :p

USERNAME yeah! send it over wil yi? :p

USERNAME URL - its a rare picture of them  so i think its justin's

i stil love you...  i want you to be my boy friend but you just want me to be your best friend.. (

USERNAME you never going to folow me never ever ever  so sad

wants to be in dc so i can take col photos with USERNAME and USERNAME 

USERNAME yeah... i can't find the two fights 

#deletemynumber if u are a girl any guy wld die for and i never cal or even pick ur cals!! :p

oh gash  justin is always online when im sleping or when im not online. fml

i always know that we are right to each other... but we were not meant to be..  

burnt my tongue on my beans, oh man 

i wore my bun for you today, USERNAME. i'm sad you're not at practice 

just chiling with the breadknife. leaving me son....snif 

“USERNAME: im at home  rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME wat y'al on”me and my homegirls at this lil party

USERNAME i'm just kiding :/ made me fel bad  sory but  you've increased your sensitivity

ohmo! you folow me back :3ohmo~ hahahaha *saya* :p

USERNAME hey.. are u mad?? sory...  don't get me wrong... i didn't mean it to be like that. u r not weirdo. hey...

USERNAME  thats is not til may 1th at kops 

USERNAME yes  i had my memory card in but i never transfered my pictures onto it.. #iamsostupid

aw, sory! *hugs* rt USERNAME: USERNAME my turn Ȋ̊s comin 

USERNAME might be fun if you were downloading some decent songs :p

i thought she had many fans.. fel bad for her. 

USERNAME why do you do this to me  twet when i'm aslep -_- i hate the time diference!

ouch  that nap did nothing for my throat &gt;&lt; ....... so sore!!!!!! worse than when i woke up this morning 

when i mis someone i fel like pmsing  !!!

USERNAME USERNAME you bayar. i okay! thanks! :p

USERNAME whew! a hand ful!!!!!!!! i tried to twet u a video of her but it won't upload 

wew! its monday again  but i don't have to wory cos only few days to go then its vacation already )))

i love when people ignore my texts 

USERNAME whatver yu dont cal ..! yu got ah wife 

#relationshiptip101 if he don't tex, cal or acknowledge you baby gurl he's not intersted......got damnit  USERNAME

woah! having my first iced cofe. cofe is such a strange concept to me... but it's aight. :p

omg, i fel horible! i ned meds and my bed asap! 

i ned to know when USERNAME is on this morning with USERNAME... ned to know when to take my break :p

it's raining cats &amp; dogs here 

i just saw the ring that you gave to me. it's stil cute. akala ko nawala na siya. haha! :p

udah... blm d pilihin aja nih  rt USERNAME: test dong u,u rt USERNAME: belom dpt  rt USERNAME: i'm pure blod #hbu

once the crct's are over, i want be loking forward to the modified schedule. 

just watched paranormal activity- i wil not be sleping tonight 

USERNAME where r u ? u haven't ben onlne for whole day , i'm misin u 

what hapened  !!

sad my lipsticks didnt arive today tho 

USERNAME ya you should ad me for this :p hahaURL

tchuly!!! my baby girl. she neds to learn how to pe on the we we pad  gr URL

USERNAME i don't know. 

sick, exhausted, miserable = teribly long day 

lok we got the USERNAME pout on :p  URL

#np number 1 - usher 

USERNAME i start every day w/ a double! was thinking the 3rd might realy put u in gear! haven't ben west in months.   #prakchat

USERNAME so disapointed of you 

rt USERNAME: baik kok  (•̯͡.•̯͡) wkwk rt USERNAME: suta eris jahat  rtUSERNAME: rt USERNAME: lol hahaha xd rt USERNAME

i know man  i'm god thanks  you?  (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME wow 7 fr 1 in 6 ovrs, shudhu gily out hoeche, chatu korche puro r ke :p

sure you didn't get it. rt USERNAME USERNAME i never got your mesage  im sitin her felin neglected n shit

USERNAME ah wel...it was worth it. :p

USERNAME i was complementing you bitch! 

USERNAME fuck robert -_- bla ! 

USERNAME i honestly wish i coulda gone tonight 

your just to swet til you get on my nerves and hurt like cavity as you left a bad taste in my mouth my sour patch kid :p

USERNAME grateful* :p

USERNAME lol. i like your style. :p

USERNAME yay but bo you r stil feling bad!!!!!!!!!!!  amy`s imune system heal her

okay last warning gosh stop sending me 'mafia' i don't want to join that. one more and i'l take the gun and i'l shot you :p

USERNAME USERNAME lmfao aw :p idk i'm lost to d: i'm geting bare notifications

unyu~unyu~~ rt USERNAME: if only i could jump right in to you  i mis you like it's ben forever since our last phone cal.

oh crap, the father of my two (half)sisters pased away 

i might steal your clothes if they fit meh!!! :p ((shakira thinks i'm crazy!!)) :|

USERNAME dead, you never know. oh wel to late now 

thinking about USERNAME leaving the country son for god made me teary eyed. #efthis. 

USERNAME no  it's ok. we wil make more ;-)

omg my throat is burning 

body hurting so bad 

USERNAME for real ; icaught nigas tryna go thru my purse nd everything -_- these ronchy as nigas 

USERNAME my twets back to you won't send 

none folow USERNAME  folow!

USERNAME okies~~ wel i have a guitar leson sometime son :p

USERNAME USERNAME why me?  e, i 'give' you more tomatoes! muahahaha! &gt;

loging of now  this damn internet is geting on my fucking nerves   swet jonas dreams!!!

i mis isaic  crash should come on and let me se him.

i ned to get away from it al! seriously ned a holiday now! forgeting what the sun loks like 

tengo unas ganas de platicar &amp; ver a USERNAME 

i wana take a shower but i fel lazy :p

watching tv...eating chocolate....choco mucho...yumy!!!  :p

USERNAME neda hury back home  mis her.

USERNAME no, definatly not. it would be awesome if we did though :p i'd go to like hawai and bahamas and florida and yeah....

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: i ned textmesage from you 

hopjes best cofe candy i ever eat ! ngidam hopjes 

USERNAME im sory! ur rite i do over react sometimes and i dont and wil never want to fight with u ever again.im sad now 

USERNAME aha, first word that came to me!  and you wil inded :p x

such a long night 

USERNAME i live in the uk, and they don't have any episodes on the nick uk website or anything just short litle sucky clips 

USERNAME i love you, but i shouldnt  &lt;&lt;&lt; uh ohs.

pUSERNAME yeah - your #sprint3k twets totaly aren't showing up in the search 

jealous much? :p rt USERNAME woah! what is this? d: rt USERNAME: u give me buterflies dep inside~ USERNAME :p

USERNAME part ended up at nearly £20!  plumber said if it doesn't work, he wil deduct the cost from replacing the boiler...

USERNAME USERNAME i think you should :p

ordered some realy col sim stuf with an african twist to it. realy loking forward to them ariving! :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i know, i saw lmao, you can thanks USERNAME for retweting you in the first place :p

bitch you could hate but ya niga steady watchin :p #np

vicky nagy is pregnant.....and im the father.  plz shot me and find me fine bitches to bang

aw thanx case!!! rt USERNAME youre stil sexy lala lol ! rt USERNAME these stitches are not sexy 

stuck in the car 

to com sono 

USERNAME i don't know how to respond to that last twet :p

USERNAME why do you love it? :p &amp; ew no # :l

USERNAME you treat me so mean 

red mamba is sick  hopefuly she fels beter tomorow so that i can drive her to work....#getbeteredmamba!

oh the bordem 

my shit is in pain!! 

USERNAME: i can't walk  lol

i want my tato now. i can't wait til sumer 

can prepare to fail chi alrdy 

USERNAME i love risks      .......... :p

ok i can't put it of any longer its time to enter the ofice 

USERNAME 'jls? what does that stand for? just left schol?' ahahahaha made me laugh so much :l :p ;) x

USERNAME you're so lucky! which side of math did you take?  i've got 3 math, 2 biology, 2 re and a chemistry exam  uber fail!

omg. i hope i don't lose this bet 

yg pling ramah? rt USERNAME: yg pndek2 dang, yg pling bae2 rt USERNAME: yg mna so dy?rt USERNAME: rest in peace satpam pontoh 

USERNAME .. god luck with your head in the morning babe.. hope you have plenty of paracetamol haha! :p x

USERNAME i know 

USERNAME sure...but it'l be a vegie feast though :p

USERNAME tsau em thi nên cn em k đi cast đc . mọi ng đi cast đi  chừa em ra như ur words í

USERNAME aw  what time does she finish work at wekends? x

rt USERNAME um USERNAME should be w.me right now / yes i should  !!

USERNAME yeah i saw wilkins and was like &quot;i wasn't even there!&quot; :p

okay i believe aha :p

u can't slep with a face like that. rt USERNAME: anyway, i'm going to bed. god night. 

rt USERNAME: i hate the fact that my facebok refuses to show USERNAME 's facebok page on #3ismday. fml 

twiter is being a complete arse tonight.  have to type every twet about 6 times. 

i want to eat mcdo 

gusto ko na ulit bumalik sa pagiging postpaid.  it's ben 5 years since i requested a cut from smart. gona convince mom with globe. :|

ain't gona leave the ofice til six today. ugh 

holy shit 

USERNAME schwet! whiped much? i want to do something tonight.. but everyone's working 

it's gorgeous out and i'm stuck in the library 

USERNAME mis you bo &lt;3 

USERNAME no more red nose?  it was so delightfuly crepy.

do i realy rant that much 

i'm stufed  i don't think i know when i'm ful, i don't realize it until i'm stufed

team hopin today . wish i could hop 2 !! 

USERNAME yeah i'm to since somer 207 a jonas fan and werealywantjonas :p

USERNAME i can't find it. 

sory hun rt USERNAME: ma stomach hurts 

ntae... :p rt USERNAME USERNAME ngapo?

2-0 for bruins after 1 period  wake up habs!

USERNAME folow me please!!  i love you guys♥ 43

USERNAME babygirl go hit them boks. twiter is doing you no god right now :p #studytime

USERNAME hahahaha!whatever you say,its fine with me.hehehe. :p

xdpt cal pon USERNAME 

USERNAME i changed the url! calm down :p URL 

USERNAME yeah  i'm trying to for the lethality achievement without switching teams considering if i wait until the end, if i do manage

i hope not ..  reality 

USERNAME i know    

USERNAME oh hahaha ye none does that  x

USERNAME me and  USERNAME have exams today  x 93

USERNAME lol i'ono just something i've always done, caled first :p

i mis justin!  but i think its god to take a twoter break!

its so hot outside 

USERNAME sory 

USERNAME i'm not tryna drive 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME big bro i know  times are hard&lt;--i know...when you graduate?? ima try to make it

USERNAME aw  you can borow my ice packs

USERNAME night syafiq! me to. :p bye. fokus fokus.

i ned a nap... i don't think i'm goin to make it 

USERNAME doing math hw  wbu?

i cal pUSERNAME ya,, rt USERNAME: ned somebody 2 help me,anyone?? 

rt USERNAME: what should i do today? it's realy suny! and i'm doing nothing 

oh..yah (˘̩.˘̩ƪ) rt USERNAME: tmn kmu beb rt USERNAME: sm siapa ???  rt USERNAME: oh udh di unfolow toh

none folow me 

USERNAME hush! you an eastsider now, you have no credibility in fashion maters :p

USERNAME no you did not mis anything :p next show wil be tomorow  not today

USERNAME shout pwease! i lost 15 folowers just this wekend  i was so mad lol but did you get it fixed?

im sad!!! he kils everything 

rt USERNAME: i ♥ USERNAME 's icon :pi hope everyone got that now

rt USERNAME: time 2go gn2 my punka** USERNAME cause he the only1 ise twetn sumthn :p

headphones, y u no work?!?! 

USERNAME  i was hoping for a hairspray sequel

USERNAME i know  lol

USERNAME should be :p &lt;3 x

to afraid to fal  note to self: kep calm and trust your partner.

USERNAME i won't be able to slep though 

godnight 

godamn work geting in the way of tweting 

USERNAME omg i want a virtual hug 

USERNAME im mad i'm not going to be 

now i just stunt on my own 

USERNAME pari... check out the fruit and vege markets while u r there, i hear its to die for. only god stuf. luv ya mitche.  :p

USERNAME imsojely. 

rangers realy are rather rubish - this hamilton v rangers game is a pile of pants - and just as i type that rangers score 

USERNAME nope! i'm so out it.. because of schol  damn

USERNAME  oh great. n it's ben like a month? have u ben able to move on w life at al?

rt USERNAME at live comedy jam geting it in URL i was gone 

USERNAME  and now i'l never get to met him 

mslh krjo ngp?sini crto sm ak  rt USERNAME: iy sm mslh krjo aq nah  rtUSERNAME gara ² lelaki keparat itu ? rt USERNAME:

rt USERNAME fod. shower. bed. - i wish i had at least one and cros this 120 worded paper of the list 

playing blackjack. lady luck come here please. 

USERNAME home 4 springbreak. mom doesn't have the right chanels :'( i mised the season finale of #pretylitleliars !!!!! so sad 

had a &quot;public conversation&quot; on what is caled a coment box. :p

USERNAME only cos someone caled me lol. but the filings not of to a god start. and i've drenched my iphone in coke and it broke 

rt USERNAME: i mis my fish  haha USERNAME &amp; i ned to go get new ones(x #ripslimeyandsquishy :'(

USERNAME aw  same here .. where have you ben loking so far?

hapy thursday   lolol

 sory. i am excited!

congratulation seoul .. hard luck alain  ( ya fashlen )

sumer is so hot just like me. ) lol :p

USERNAME not wel enough to catch the snoring. plus the movement would wake her up :p

USERNAME i'l take that as a compliment! :p x

USERNAME nice pic. how are you doing? i know ur mad at me but i can explain. 

i let my hair al natural and it loks retarded, 

USERNAME blah , yes :p

can't say i always say how i fel.. mising my crush. ugh 

USERNAME  nd a  ha

USERNAME never tried it ned 2 read d manual.u gv training ?

USERNAME USERNAME erm.. wel me and cesc are engaged if that what you mean hahaha :p x

my tongue is so sore 

i can't fit forget o!...i just don't wana work today..  fed. govt....*another holiday pls*

why isn't there any reply ? 

i'l don't se the live chat sory USERNAME  love you baby!! (l) #cambiochat

USERNAME gogling davide vigano interview and you're second in the list! read your post another time. why did you write about his gf? :p

USERNAME advert for alton towers just came on the tv, thought of you haha :p im so jealous  x

my swet baby girl is sick and has to get shots in the morning 

USERNAME godbye aj may you rest in peace 

and the new kids on the block, orang2 munafik udah gw block. :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME was a perfect day, dancing a lot today haha and my favorite song is i wana dance with you - transporta  :p haha

 USERNAME  headache?

USERNAME yeah, because i am not buying everything for tomorow :p

USERNAME after you find someone i think you should share  cause i'm lokey hungry af. 

USERNAME or just rt this and i'l count it as you saying hapy birthday :p either works 'baby cakes' haha. please?!

USERNAME tais ai amiga ?   love you. (l)

USERNAME.  :p

USERNAME yeah. our concerts are col. i dont want em to end 

USERNAME that's badas :p i wana pul an al nighter , i ned my homies lol

USERNAME ya i do xd ya the stupid 16 year old :p

USERNAME yes ma'am :p . . .but i didn't wana bother you or anything :p

damn, i can't believe my laptop is realy broke #ouch smh wel its mobile web from here ugh!! 

i'm going to mis trevor tomorow 

guted. turns out i can't skate coz of the presure &amp; spliting in my pelvis from a condition i had when pregnant with my boys 

watching #theofice farewel michael scot 

USERNAME i i don't realy know... -i mis you to 

fun time on chat w/ USERNAME, USERNAME, USERNAME, and USERNAME. :p

USERNAME so uh idk its early and im tired :p

lol thanks USERNAME. 

USERNAME wo #highfive :p i've never met them lmao!

USERNAME thats not fair .. everything god hapens in dublin  ugh.

USERNAME hah - to subtle? :p

USERNAME  lovely  im at work tomor and fri lol but im use to being up late :p

USERNAME i beat you. :p rt USERNAME: not to mention 'dead'. #thesixthportal

USERNAME i meant to type &quot;twiter&quot;. i don't know what &quot;twiter&quot; is.  :p

so i fel beter, stil have a cough. i actualy slept! couldn't make it to easter mas or breakfast bc i am very contagious. 

can yu guys help get the wanted to twet hapy birthday to me tomorow please :p x (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME sori teman2 mlm ini gk plng k bekasi 

USERNAME 

USERNAME me to  #work

about to head of to bed :p

i ned to organize al my shit. #mesy 

USERNAME no i don't have any pic t^t al what i have is some drawings for 7 xd ... lol~ yup that's true, lucky7 gota stay together :p &lt;3

USERNAME ahahahaha :p napy hair no no no no no this is god indian hair bitch :p

USERNAME i know exactly what you mean  completely. it'l get beter love

almost cried watching #doctorwho tonight. super sad 

USERNAME: :o he broke up wit me! :o  okay who told him was it sin!? you mad at me?

USERNAME *smacking my lips* i'm the only 1 who hasn't sen it 

preparing for 2mrw even though i wont e going  -pasport expired-

another boring day, me thinks. plus, it's raining 

heart beat implused :p

best and worst place in america? — idk  URL

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME ..seriously has to be the hotest sisters out!! wish i was related to them  hehe.

lok this lovatics ! :p - like it??  URL

i mis you so much ! 

USERNAME  lol. why are you cleaning it tho just dry it

USERNAME yeah slightly older :l there only just 17 and some are stil 16 :p oh nathan  hahahaha

USERNAME godnight -swet dreams about my- la t5r3en mn kishty ha :p

my fingers get confused when i play expert on guitar hero 

awe #omf is sad.  i don't like it.

USERNAME #gears3beta  :p d: 

USERNAME folow back please !!!!!!!!! 

USERNAME hi riley it'd make my whole life if you said hi to me!! 

herongate mal  USERNAME du want sharwama...im counting down! if u dnt reply dis twet sory :p

USERNAME ew. stop trying to make me touch you :p

everything...   x10

USERNAME the nurse at checkup confiscated it. then pas to form teacher. then to dm. now i dont have it til friday boho. 

how is it even posible for me to always fal for the playertype of boy, and not the swetest, dedicated boy. 

roled over and realized he wasn't laying here holding me  i mis him *sigh...

twiter gw suram bgt.. 

ugh. so wishing i was in new york right now! 

USERNAME yeah me to, the lack of direction for this one sucks a bit. oh wels i'm sure we can kep up our record  :p

USERNAME col :p

USERNAME ya everything is god, i was just thinking that i haven't sen you in so long 

USERNAME i know! ben super busy!  x

otm narnia two with my mother,father,and my litle brother :p

USERNAME which one? i know only torie got her phd there :p

USERNAME lol we used to order dominos when i was a manager at kfc :p

USERNAME lol, wel get you sumn to eat :p

USERNAME why ? 

rt USERNAME: i am stil mourning raw's los of USERNAME and USERNAME   #wedraft

USERNAME here in maharashtra ases r rediced tht limit to 10msg per day...  sala maze tar ratri 2am la ch samptat..

i bite my nails   #10factsaboutme

USERNAME we finished clases on tuesday. i have an exam this sunday  how many exams do u have? sushi/movie can't come faster!!

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: i absolutely mis you  i want you here beside me now! :'(

you got me thinkin twice to jus breathe.. then you say i wont survive if you leave 

USERNAME aw  how mean

USERNAME so bumed i couldn't make it to se you   come back son!!! you're amazing 

USERNAME wish i could 

USERNAME  im gna try and do it today, hope it works! i cant forget today

wts rong baybe?? rt USERNAME: i ain't beter o  &quot;USERNAME: USERNAME hey hun..aw re u felin now?&quot;

ohk so USERNAME so smple twetn to dhyu av tah xplain? mtchw :p ahia is she mentaly chalengd! hehe

waiting for my sister to come get me and i hate to pe 

USERNAME USERNAME that song is everything greg! you just can't get into adele 

my mod is like this: -.- dx   :'( fml fml wtf fml o,e :'( :'(

USERNAME but i liked him  they've piled up in a word document on my desktop. so it's stil going, i just ned to post them al rofl.

so tel me why USERNAME is mean to me :p

i mis my babe ned 

USERNAME if it is rainy and glomy outside, i always wake up with a headache and that hungover feling. 

USERNAME *gasp* you don't like wiz khalifa     yeah you don't lok like a wiz fan . . .guci mane and waka yep . !

USERNAME i just went to 71 i must of mised you 

dis kentuckey &amp; ohio game popin i wish i was dere man 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME what so wow ? @@ pl duno me jek , so sad 

USERNAME yea am so cold 

rt USERNAME: rt!! USERNAME: om, michael buble dong om  #indonesiawantsmichaelbuble USERNAME

on my way to schol during the easter holiday... 

many ramirez retired...who wil i pretend to hate but secretly crep on now?! 

30minutes to 5/5 -.- and eyes stil dont want to 'sign' the 'agrement' yet  ghosh, cepatlah... i ned that 'document'! :p

USERNAME haha oh wow :p

USERNAME since a litle bit over a year ago; but don't blame me, it's my first laptop. :p

i can only imagine how she takin this...in her rom...dor locked..phone outa arms reach...jus cryin her lil eyes out 

USERNAME you what? :p

USERNAME you've folowed another person  please folow me and USERNAME  x

USERNAME &amp;&amp;&amp; um yu are ? oh yea its esa grumpy((; lmao im fenin for some &gt;:/ taha that was one time :p

USERNAME #folowmeariana please folow me my thre hours are nearly up 

i'm not comin out of my house for ah year starting tonight. not schol. not work. not even ah blunt. #isolatedtwet 

USERNAME damn u stalker i am 5'2  lmao

USERNAME you are never online 

USERNAME  that sucks... im bleh cuz im pised.

best day of tish month bester tag der woche :p

i don't like it when you leave 

USERNAME they are like that everyday :p

eae, bom dia :p

USERNAME i stil have no idea who he is or where i met him.  i was in nh for part of the campaign.

USERNAME ei but i want to fuck de burito. 

USERNAME i know  i just wish it wasn't that schedule. 40 more days...

rt USERNAME: i mised that moment 

finding this out after my card was declined with a huge line behind me 

i'm ashamed to be malaysian right now . mtv made the born this way video les than one minute . why  that made the song so short &lt;/3

USERNAME USERNAME i was up at 9 

lol i just watched this video of me &amp; smash_ola2 dancing in the car &amp; it made me mis him 

USERNAME lol, i told you. i wil tel you later :p

USERNAME i told my friends im converting.. lol you cant get maried outside a church. no beach weding  lmao

USERNAME alas its not on there anyway 

rt USERNAME: i mis you 

i hope emeka gets his manhod back by game 6 

USERNAME m :p sound's god!

USERNAME please folow me 

ini hukuman terberat! unexpected but  should have to acepted. 

i don't av their time rt USERNAME: aw...wah abt we gurls wif no dimple  rt USERNAME: i like girls with cute dimples

i only like watching fotbal when there's a lot of people. beter ambience ahahah. tonight we got a god fotbal crowd! :p

gue gak mau folow orang alay 

then to work 

just realised...even team india must not have played holi today na...wil that make me fel beter... 

USERNAME thanks auntie!!! you got me sick jen!  i'm snifling like crazy n body hurts at work ... gr!!!

USERNAME don't like that la  faci let us do work mah!

i mis USERNAME so much !  we never talk anymore .

USERNAME hahaha :p hardly anybody gets it! :')

sms ! rt USERNAME: about anything rt USERNAME: about who ?him ? rt USERNAME: i ned you guys  rt USERNAME: kenapa syg? rt USERNAME

tried waking fishy up 

i'm having a terible time trying to setup my music management since #wp7 &amp; zune pas came into our lives. what a f'ing mes 

i haven't heard 'if i could' by USERNAME &amp; USERNAME  how i can i listen to it ??

dear students who finished the test in 7 minutes : i hope you fail ! sincerely: stil on the first question :p

rt USERNAME: i'm always scared that, when i say i love bify, people wil think i'm just a we lasie who's only heard post puzle stuf 

i wish people weren't so esexist. 

USERNAME USERNAME oh gosh. now i can't slep at night. 

USERNAME i hope you wil se this twet and u wil folow me plz 

i cant wait 4 your #newmusic baby!  USERNAME &lt;3 my daily twet: i love you! please notice me 

USERNAME 

USERNAME my names ema and i'm from derby :p x

USERNAME it's al black! ya, she's so nice, only met her once :p

big things poping in his pants :p

USERNAME those are great service positions.  implies something....i got totaly burned out, heavy workload for any alum position.

rt USERNAME rtUSERNAME: tired ofeverything.......... fiuh 

USERNAME hey! long time no twet :p

no celebreties replied wd my twets.. how sad! 

USERNAME haha! my music taste doesn't make up for the fact that i cher for barcelona? is it that bad?oh, wel, you're the enemy now. :p

hm i cant find blake lively's verified acount ! 

i ned sum one to cudle wit 

USERNAME i fel your pain!! 

hahaha i love you nevile longbotom is trending.. oh oh and severus snape as wel :p

rt USERNAME: 10-8  sory if we can't be the winer.

i'm col with that 

2 months today and not a day goes by that i don't think about u. i mis u so much baby. rip --- 

i am felin to lazy 2day. also clean my fridge prety please lol rt USERNAME lol! smh! bwahahaha. lazie bumie hehe :p

USERNAME wel am invited to the roeal weding next wek in the bc chanel at ma home wana join me i have extra invitation cards :p

USERNAME just like me everything and everyone is asking you :p

dang USERNAME unfolowed me.. 

man gun violence is not the way to go. this niga shot my cuzin over some bul shit. #rip bo bo  we  you wayne bang!

USERNAME yeah everythings overpriced these days  think i ben 5 this season so not many either just with a couple mates,how about you?

doh! now my router reboted itself. whatever USERNAME has got is catching. 

USERNAME for instance, #f USERNAME to hear about pokémon folies and questions about the nature of folow friday. :p

USERNAME oh wi mon homonyme lol...ur the clever 1 :p

USERNAME i know  awh that's okay  i'm god thank you, how are you? 

why ? :o rt USERNAME: how 

USERNAME sian why dont you ever twet me anymore? :') you twet the same people, it makes me sad  x

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i mis you guys, i am on a come down 

USERNAME im realy pised . dese babies are qivinq me gray hairs 

USERNAME ow sory late rep :p we purposely do it xd so no one of our country friends understnd xd

USERNAME bad part is, i was never realy big on hurt. i liked broken before amy le came on and ruined it 

i think i'm smart :p i can speak 4 languages *.* i'm proud of myself  portuguese, english, spanish &amp; french :p

ye, :p rt USERNAME hehe muncul lagi, yomah  rt USERNAME: haha,  rt USERNAME  rt USERNAME: hahaha, iya iya ...  rt USERNAME

rt USERNAME: i tried seting my hotmail pasword to penis. it said my pasword wasn't long enough. 

USERNAME oh k..toh ye bolne me mushkil ho ri thi :p :p :p

USERNAME yeah it so hard to get him to notice me...  but i promise one day he wil! :p ahah i hope

dear,please fal in love with somebody else dont fal in love with the wrong person like her 

USERNAME bluesea cracker. it got round, which is an achievement in itself, lost a fiver  x

USERNAME nope mate. just got the you know haha what i mean is my period.  . god to hear u guys are doin great. what's up?

#hour19 

rt USERNAME: i hate when u text someone and then they dont text back....welp i gues they dont wana b bothered with me 

USERNAME oh!! realy!! :o ... haha jk :p

USERNAME this lady's voice keps talking like every five minutes, can i turn it of? cuz i'm not expecting it and it scares me :p

USERNAME god musics more necesary than water :p

USERNAME in the name of alah!!!! :p

back in the bay! mis la 

no one can make me #smile but USERNAME rite  kno 

USERNAME think the kids ned more luck than you :p

USERNAME to blog is the best answer :p in my opinion

USERNAME yeah im loz, spelt with two z's though :p not s

rt painting with penis? URL USERNAME the paintings are blocked on this server  lok fwd to checking out whn i get hme

USERNAME you ate thi!? kate what are you thinking woman!! you cant eat thi  i thnk your sick coz shes atacking back. go thi! xd

USERNAME lmao  howz u?? and howz work?? :s imro :p

USERNAME yay thanks! it mustve worked cause i think i rocked it! :p

USERNAME i don't realy know why he said that, sory.  USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME #turnoveratable

USERNAME yes lol we are bad people 

USERNAME i've ben standby-ing kat facebok tpi takde updates pon! 

so bored  waitng for profile pix to load!! eh

USERNAME buterflies 

i'm stil stuck in the moment with you USERNAME ..wkwk, rag sudi yun :p

ent didn't se anything in my throat with the scope, so now i get to get a cat scan of my neck. 

USERNAME your welcome, i just heard about it while i'm waiting for this behavioral doctor 

USERNAME this is bad times tot, forgive me yeah... :p x URL

USERNAME chupes oh yea  i can't wait til friday lol

hate it whem menstrual cramps ocur 

USERNAME what hapened to yo ankle 

USERNAME haha  i wish she knew me  that would just be the chery on top of my life  x

lets get em! ned a basebal bat to break some legs?? -&gt; rt USERNAME: someone tok my cardigan  #thebuzevent

USERNAME i want to met you, but this is imposible because i live in brazil  so please, can you say hi ?? i love you &lt;3.

new episodes of #fringe wil start april 15th. thre weks of repeats... 

someone come spon me tonight please i get lonely 

hury up twiter jail! we want USERNAME out! 

USERNAME if its a god price , and you know that you'l be eating two minute nodles for 4 years in the red hot 2-dor ... do it :p

awe  USERNAME i can fel the sinus presure building..... not a god lok.

casey got voted of?!  jacob should have gone home. no wories though, he's gona go far. (: #americanidol

USERNAME oi! would you rather have fet as hands.. or hands as fet?... :p

USERNAME USERNAME i mis you to! :p .x

USERNAME zero canadian  i am just hapy to have every day founders ber to sel!  USERNAME should be more plentiful in months to come!

...does nebody fel like bringing me some fod....  stuck at work

i realy should be getin ready to go out but cant move of the couch 

sucker punch's out 2day!! woho!! xd can't wait 2 watch..maybe i should ask USERNAME 2 watch wid me :p

USERNAME USERNAME oh lol av no idea how to save of that does it say save image? ) i havent sen pic  x

its crazy how love finds u cuz they say its blind :p

wel the neighbours are blasting elvis i was gona sort him out with *empty space* by the USERNAME but its gone from my blip fm  x

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME untag me to  i crey

USERNAME whoa...... it's col!!!! check out my bg! i found it on spongiebieber,. :p

USERNAME lol does that mean you deleted me  dm me ur ad again, leme re-ad you

loks like i won't b seing franko when they go on tour as al my friends say they now cba to go to manchester ,  i realy wanted 2 c them

USERNAME gues what mark! USERNAME's band has two show's tomorow and ur not gona be there!  wish her luck!

USERNAME nonono :p taned al year round i like 

rt USERNAME: from what he twets USERNAME sems like he'd be #agodboyfriend ... idekay #justsayin :p

USERNAME omg roy, have you left your casio at home? ;) nice yamaha :p x

#oneofmyfolowers is so cute. but he's gay  why?! lol

i mis my baby 

my one regret so far from 201 is not going to #coachela epic epic #fail 

USERNAME what hapen??? 

USERNAME i ned u bo, i gota se u bo :/ i know that u wil never notice me in 9milion folowers bt i hope to folow me son  13

wow.....the fod loks god, has a very nice aroma and tastes very sour....bad !!! 

no one is texting back  ahaha dm for my number?

USERNAME al fin te encontré! :p

USERNAME hi cousin!!! long time no se 

USERNAME in afghanistan  kirby just got back &amp; he said he got of the same plane shane was geting on and didn't even se him.

USERNAME aw !! 

ms more said she don't give a damn haha 

USERNAME kinda haha but last sentence didnt make sense and it was not in polite way :p

in a shot out, the flyers lose. 

USERNAME col a service that i have that is no use to me. :p

lost my glases 

no one ver talks to me on twiter no more.. i'm a loner 

gold forever is no 1 on itunes baby! take that radio 5! :pso proud! #comicrelief USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME

USERNAME 

not best hapy only 1 more episode of #candycabs ?!? wots that al about! 

i ned a masage 

USERNAME USERNAME i don't remember giving you copyrights to post that picture kiranpret (angry face).. do you rupela? :p

USERNAME please make future redemptions after 4 pst. realy ben inconvient for these past few redemptions 

USERNAME sory about that, they were actualy cracked a bit on the way to us. 

USERNAME did u rebot? i can't get a new phone til aug 

USERNAME it must not be suported with your theme  can u chose a new 1?

there are motherfucking egs in my motherfucking salad. gros. hey, at least i'm not screaming about the vampire diaries anymore. 

bad morning for me. 

damnit! i wish  rt USERNAME: i'm scared of this! lol. rt USERNAME USERNAME yay!!!! i ... URL

USERNAME folow back please you are so amazing !! you are my inspiration.. i love you so much.

USERNAME lol. then, yes. i would like to do that. :p explains your craving to jump of tal objects. hehe.

wish this headache would go away 

USERNAME oi i'm online now :p

USERNAME yeah but it's definitely not a bad boy 

stil haven't watched the #wantedwednesday flip and i get home late today as wel 

USERNAME nope, no pics in nk gear.  i'l kep thinking, but not holding my breath for a god idea to pop up. :-/

man i thought i was dreaming.. but i realy broke my phone 

damon and blair scheming together loks like fun. plus, i love the damon character. he has a very god imagination. :p

haha ngelece :p rt USERNAME: oh wangi ya :prt USERNAME: нªнª ish udh mandi ini dek  rt USERNAME: bauk k wort USERNAME

 rt USERNAME USERNAME yeah, i'm deleting my page now.

USERNAME aw!!!!!!  this is making me sad. :/

USERNAME i acidentaly dozed through two whole presentations.  i hear i mised some god stuf!

do you fel my d!&amp;k fu&amp;$king your mind? :p

of to work i go! schol tomorow  had a nice spring break though  can't wait for next year! going to france!!! 

USERNAME i have one pair, but i can barely fit into them at this point  i got them for geting al a's on a report card in fifth grade xd

USERNAME you should folow more people, like oh i don't know me! :p haha

at work bored 

USERNAME i mis you to  stupid living do far away. you should just move over here haha move in with me when i move out! x

USERNAME yeah  why did they make alaric become klaus  i like alaric

so everyone's hayfever's bad today? 

eu queria ser igual ele  URL        #charliefanforever

USERNAME abacharam :p

ek, that should never have hapened 

USERNAME so, is it true that there's cokies over here, or was that a lie? :p i just came for the cokies :p

plz don't! oni doti! rt USERNAME: my hair loks awesome. now how do i baf with it? 

rt USERNAME: this wek i'm just going to be studying, studying and more studying lol • your not the only 1 mate 

USERNAME awrite dawl? :p

USERNAME 1st one so horible and the sc qs were nasty to 

i dnt wana get out of bed 

do you do the cha cha with no clothes on? — yah :p URL

USERNAME i've ben there a lot i tried to surf fel of the board an got stung by jelyfish 

rt USERNAME: whats wrong with you? i'm wait you 

USERNAME sory y k ? 

USERNAME 

right, i know i aven't spamed in ages, but i have ben realy busy, so sory :p but i… — dont mind anything  URL

thanks, i've ben before (with lionhead actualy, but just saw san jose not san fran). ben on planes before, just not for a while 

USERNAME omg, just won fre iphone on URL ! why didn't i know about this before? 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: ima mis USERNAME and USERNAME !&lt;  mis you to!!!

love you yela secret USERNAME :p

USERNAME   nice to be back. haha..  let the guys folow. :p

USERNAME USERNAME my phone hates me that much i'm nite geting text alerts 

i had a 89% b+ in spanish first semester an i wana go on the field trip but you had to have a a to go 

snow  *snifles*

USERNAME lol yes... am i wrong? 

there i was thinking something amazing had hapened 

USERNAME i can bring you some after work 

USERNAME the director of restropo died in libya today.  i am so sad. he was briliant

how didn't we se this! URL lok how demi is singing &amp; how she can't hold her notes 

... fuck you USERNAME :p also god these groups are close together. #horormaze USERNAME

to early 

USERNAME maybe. i'm so in love with jude law. i'm watching the holiday and just crying 

USERNAME actualy, you got steam when i gave you psychonauts :p

USERNAME it wil break. 

USERNAME when you're going through snow, i'm going through a heatwave 

USERNAME :p um am trisha ahs... form anything else i should know?

realy ned someone 

where's my invite  rt USERNAME: yay USERNAME is coming to my party. wot wot! can't wait to se you beautiful 

house on universal is emotional tonight. 

USERNAME i wish you lived close i can get you to do my tats 

USERNAME  aw thats so swet sis ...sory for asking  

USERNAME  minha mãe desapareceu do twiter 

USERNAME i just figured out i put maple stret instead of drive on the song stream. my bad dudes  i'l have it changed asap!

USERNAME she almost came with USERNAME and now she can't 

USERNAME psh, you're late on this one. this &quot;gem of amazing pop&quot; was out when friday was. :p

#ithurtswhen USERNAME doesn't rt me 

thanks to USERNAME, the lyrics 'my name is keri, i'm so very' is stuck in my head. :p

USERNAME at home lorh! i duno why so cold also 

USERNAME ran the mud run - saw lots of skins but decided to run with just the shorts! sory 

wel there goes everything i ate today 

i hate this feling  sigh*

USERNAME tomorow  i have co-op -_-

USERNAME everyone is saying sue's sister 

USERNAME  but i love u

sory for the overload on youtube links, but thats what i'm listening to at the moment. haha thought i'd share :p i have a realy wide range

USERNAME haha, so it would sem. i'm home next wekend for moms day to! no cute boy visit this trip though 

wah, senior rings are expensive 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME why did you cry while singing favourite girl in melbourne?  i love you♥

dear john, your fart is very stanky! :p      sincerely, kristanosaurous(=

mraow. the grid's not the same without kubi  #f1

USERNAME no new songs 

my internet is playing up a bit, not hearing jamie drumond unfortunately  #congres201

USERNAME that's what disapoints us. f is a great pop record, and her best work to date. but she doesn't want to bother promoting it. 

USERNAME unwel in bed can we organize another bok launch with USERNAME for me?

USERNAME don't wory, honey, you'l be choking on the polen son enough. 

USERNAME i realy want a wordpres blog, but i don't know to get one started and stuf. 

USERNAME yeah, its a horible feling. 

USERNAME nor is mine. 

thinks USERNAME and USERNAME shouldn't leave me out 

USERNAME i'm not sure... i don't think so. soz 

USERNAME yeah but its a moisturiser so its the gradual build up but started to go patchy so i left it :p

USERNAME aw matey! please be careful you  have a god time though, and make sure you win!! x

holy not amused by the loud music from the stret party :p URL

USERNAME ha k! but he won't listen 

USERNAME wel i was loking forward to the new graw for my tom clancy shoter fix, but that's ben pushed way back 

sad: just got p45 in post 

this time i think we are actualy done. sh*t just got real. 

headache and i've puled something in my back  i canot wait to get in home and have an ice cold drink!

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i know.  but its fre fod! i couldn't resist    same

USERNAME hehe... i'm using diferent cream for my scars na! and tlagang nkaiyak... :p

omg my txts wont send 

#10factsaboutme i cant cok or bake. 

USERNAME hahahaha it is #thebusines lol just #gohome :p~*;)&lt;3*~

sbar chingu mngkn sb gak bsa baca hehe rt USERNAME: aku bku folow no sb woi..knp yg rt sb smua 

i want to go to the airport tonight! 

USERNAME ken you couldn't  :l although a mised two goals :$ lol

 rt “USERNAME: remitheone i did.. i didn't have alergies until this year.. it's krazy..”

USERNAME trust me pls...  i can log into twiter on saturday cos phone no data...

USERNAME  tsk tsk tsk...what a way to tarnish their life 

this bitch caled me evil -_- iam not ;] lol but she said no  .  .  .  that bitch !

USERNAME ya it's a federal election. but everyone's a douche. so i must decide who's the least douchey douche. i hate politics 

kapan ke giliran al-azhar pejaten? :p rt USERNAME: today i visit realy swet kids at al-azhar! and the… (cont) URL

just found a video of me and USERNAME lipsinging to fame in 5e .....i'm ...just .... spechles ! :p

awe i mis seing mama fresh on ustream  #teamfresh

where does love go? i dont know, when its al said and done. how could i be losing you forever after al the time we spent together  i ...

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME why are we #yachting? not that there's ever a bad time to yacht. :p

#teamnotumy tho rt USERNAME: ..niga can se my rib cage and sh*. super skiny! 

didn't manage to get any tuition homework done today.... 

USERNAME im on there, can se your stuf but you cant se me  i just said loads about how he only played 45 mins, i checked

i didn't get to se adtr tonight i'm realy realy realy depresed like beyond description.  USERNAME i wil se you aug 7th @ warped

rt: USERNAME working on the final episode of gle season 2! only a few more days left before the seasons over! i can't believe it! 

USERNAME i did not! what, were they partying? xd i'l have to go lok. :p

USERNAME : hel yeah . n i ben going through some stuf , but my baby boy is growing up ! #fast 

USERNAME hahaha! except one, me! i would like to se you 'dance' inda joa apa kaliah. :p

USERNAME i love USERNAME's beardete, but by day 6 he's clawing at his face and shaves every sunday 

USERNAME yeap, yknow her. mnada urg lain, the one and only copycater. :p

lovelovelove blink-182 and youmeatsix it was like a dream concert. fgs 

USERNAME &quot;eh&quot; is not considered as a reply :p

USERNAME USERNAME tab 2olo yekalemny tani , i think he sent me a break up twet yesterday 

just did my homework with my left hand! maybe broke my thumb 

USERNAME the song thingy :p

USERNAME USERNAME i was joking  x

new icon #notsoclear 

working sunday  on the plus side it means tomorow is my friday :-d woho!

USERNAME yes i also wana go on lj. wlao gona move to wordpres one day la 

USERNAME  fine.. lol. i'l get my sister to read it to me.

ceva went home already???? ((( (˘̩⌒˘̩) i want a baby 

haha, yes i got that cal! :p

USERNAME yes! lol i almost died without my other half 

USERNAME i'm making a cd of al your friday night favs. #getready wish i could!!! 

USERNAME stalker :p

USERNAME hey justin, your so amazing ;)) x please folow me.♥ iloveyou  i hope you se this :p 10

USERNAME i hear you 

why!!!???? 

USERNAME but you stil have like 10 left  lol.

USERNAME just finished dx one last stand! very sad it's over 

the lil one has a fever 

rt USERNAME: twiter after hours is horibly boring :p

USERNAME thoda thoda what.. :p

got my picture taken with USERNAME at USERNAME concert on 7.4.1 but the picture isnt very god  crying :/

USERNAME he is lovely. and very tal so easy to find in crowds :p x

USERNAME and you know it! lol... i worked out last night... woke up in #pain 

#getwelsonshanon #getwelsonshanon  ♥

USERNAME no you don't! it is col!! realy :p

USERNAME you do!! you ned a nice, long vacay! por thing 

#np secondhand s- fal for you 

USERNAME i wil. :p

USERNAME ah the testing deal. i saw that a few months ago and noticed is did not say the distance ones 

USERNAME if you didn't like it, you didn't have to rt it :p  i'm not crazy about the man but his voice is just....uh 

USERNAME girl seriously, i never realy liked nelena. it's al because of you. i found myself reminiscing them together. 

wish i could go to the beach after calc.......but i have practice 

USERNAME your no freaking help!! :p

USERNAME ada yang ngebash fanbase kita ini 

USERNAME hun, im sory  i want to help!

at de hospital again 4 ma lil sis por fing 

USERNAME hapy easter ♥:b i have for you a bone easter. you wil love yumy &amp; i mis your dady to 

USERNAME mal twet peque peque 

USERNAME , USERNAME, USERNAME, USERNAME sory i am going to mis you guys tonight.. couldn't find a way out there. 

#nicknamespeoplehaveforme bitch :o :p

no. its empty  URL

USERNAME i'm from new bedford which is probably the worst city ever lol :p

no more sarah jayne adventures: URL    URL

no, no lo hace. rt USERNAME: USERNAME no da folow back 

USERNAME trying to finish the semester of strong &amp; the bo 

USERNAME i know :p wel im going to san francisco!!!

USERNAME i cant enter the contest cause i dont come from canada or america...it sucks  but i come from denmark&amp; its closer #easier

i went from 5th to 15th last cpl weks  rt USERNAME: don't ask ? u already know the answer to i'm 40th rt ... URL

got two shirts; yay. :p

rt USERNAME: everyone is a litle bit depresed in the yh headquarters tonight :/  

if it wasn't for music maybe my #evo would last 

leaving in 3 minutes  i wish i could stay home! oh wel

rt USERNAME: people cry not because love ends, but because it stil continues, even if it's over. 

USERNAME USERNAME ya i know it is but i wanted one :p aw col  we should ask for more  x

i mis the old lady so much 

bodort USERNAME: pelit siah :p rt USERNAME: ga mau rt USERNAME: USERNAME folback gua my:p

randomly picked up a dres , got home - shit's horendous. lok lika a grany.  

USERNAME no its just cuz i had a few twets there and i dont know which one youre talking about :p

USERNAME aw d: &amp;&amp; no she's ben to my city, but i wasn't in town when she did lol 

on the road again... bye bye beautiful cape town..  

i finaly joined empireavenue.com &amp; am trading real cheap :p only 26.47e! URL

USERNAME  yups came on twiter after ages.... :p :p :p

no one mention me, what a phatetic budy 

USERNAME we til 5 leh 

USERNAME oh yes cant be helped lol i ned the plug back in :p

USERNAME everything is god here? how are you? we havent heard you for awhile now.. :p

USERNAME im sory ele!  dont hate me! 

i am oficialy sad as fuck . i now have 410 folowers and losing . i hate twiter . the end . 

and why oh why..i stil don't like this jacob guy. for me he acts overated when he sings, and his vibe is anoying.. sory  #americanidol

i ned u so much 

earth to miley! it's spring! lol! :p rt USERNAME: rocking pigy tails for the first time since like 6th grade! i love sumer time   ...

USERNAME yup sum pl cal me that to :p

USERNAME  aw whats it lok like :p ?

USERNAME lol shy ) nahi toh why wud i be shy :p

rt USERNAME: i ned to fucking smoke  gr

USERNAME oh haha wel ah omg i don't think i can come  my mum started coking diner and my dads fixing a car ! sory! tomorow??

u re my rider xd rt USERNAME: USERNAME my umbrela girl :p URL

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

USERNAME work on your esay ! :p

last day on the beach 

USERNAME - link is not acesible on my side  it says it is private

USERNAME go to emirates mal :p haha

   japan, i am so sory for your pain....   

USERNAME lmao thats a fail il watch it on netflix :p

USERNAME i'm bulin i probably won't be able to come to ireland  bring the tour over here son please x

USERNAME URL - yeh my girlfiriend is hot :p

if i had my charger i wouldn't care as much my laptop is my baby. but i can't turn baby on 

USERNAME yup its oficial not talking to u anymore  ugh what hapened to the love

USERNAME u beter boy :p haha have a nice nap?

so disapointed @ a pic on saw on here  oh wel to each his own as they say!!

just cried listening to USERNAME 's song #pray   #prayforalabama

USERNAME i got up at about 10:30 and ive done al my homework, wel atleast i think :p x

USERNAME you dont like me? :o  ~w

USERNAME life wasn't the same without you today 

i dont care what anyone says i like boys who can dance. :p

USERNAME lol!! jackson you joker :p you okay babe? x

wel its just a litle scary out for me  #ihatestorms

USERNAME  first thing 

lol, my twets today have al ben about the weding! believe it or not im not actualy some masive maniac about the royals or anything :p

51.i want a polaroid 

USERNAME those times are long gone  lol

USERNAME ''but the naija girl vina loks a lot like USERNAME''  --- lol tufi men! who the hel is that? you tryna make me lose folowers 

USERNAME i'l be on in a bit. takin a shower, but i can't stay on for long, fucking bos caled me 

USERNAME thanks.. i fel more confident in ma long hair.. bt thinkin of wearing ma short hair next wek :p x

USERNAME we should be going to colege fest again 

#10factsaboutme?! thats a big number. lol :p

USERNAME yes. you dont hml nomore. and when i do hyl it be taking forever a reply 

yay!!! have a safe flight..  rt USERNAME: bout to take it down .. back to the atl in the morning... i'm gona mis stl 

USERNAME u met him? aw i want it  u're so lucky 

USERNAME midle aged??? i know im older but jez bit extream :p lol :l;) x

USERNAME i'm il on te first day of half term  how depresing!i wanted you to come back on tinychat so i could show you i was

USERNAME holy did not respond to your fans? USERNAME  i die 2

rt USERNAME: rt if you havent ben noticed by USERNAME yet.. 

USERNAME thanks  front seat or back seat? lol :p

USERNAME sory about the troubles  if you were in lax why didn't you cal? we would have come and goten you!

i gues i should start studying for my finals 

ugh, i think i'm geting sick 

30-year fixed rate mortgages  wil they die with fanie and fredie? :p 30 year fixed mortgage rates URL

USERNAME can't believe ur not in. i neded a hug of my ash  x

USERNAME cuz you dont text me :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME u you are beter loking then your dad :p

it would be sad if my baby ended up being the ugly example of a mixed baby 

rt USERNAME: spent so much time organising hope walk didn't get any sponsors could everyone rt URL ty x

i know,i'm pising you of,but i just can't stand a minute not talking to you 

this more depresing :p rt USERNAME: [news] kimjaejong revealed his mariage to an indonesian casie named astari since 5years ago.

i always find something;) rt USERNAME: #listeningto USERNAME rumage thru the pantry for godies ... there is none 

ah okay, time to go grocery shoping :p

does anyone know what i did with my eisley - the valey cd?  i can't find it.

ugh y is my damn slep schedule so fucked up. ima b so tired 2morow 

rt USERNAME: woke up to devastating news that our felow artist from asap rocks, aj perez died from a vehicular acident. he was only 18 years old. 

i don't want tomorow to come 

*roling eyes* rt USERNAME: :p :p :p rt USERNAME: yimu :p rt USERNAME: each 1 of us is a &quot;star… (cont) URL

USERNAME i'm no friend of yours! *unfolows* ... :p

USERNAME  #perfect :p just isued anothr t-storm warning &amp; tornado watch. i stayed home to save the goats on friends farm! 

USERNAME i fel the same way 

USERNAME -- i have falen in love with the game of USERNAME -- he knocked over USERNAME in a game and taylor is 6'8&quot; :p

USERNAME thanks  and exactly, so what if i'm a guy :p i hope some people se that story and realise anything is posible.

oh no!!!  rt USERNAMEberlin zo oficial says polar bear knut has died in his compound - ap

rt USERNAME: i had a dream a chicken was chasing me  &lt;&lt; lmao hahah

aszin rt USERNAME: who doesn't?  rt USERNAME: i swear USERNAME nids help frm above

gotdamit! you sen that?? rt USERNAME:  “USERNAME: USERNAME sade where we at tonight?”

USERNAME i'm just geting realy tired of the random hives 

USERNAME 2 to, if we hapen 2 have a bad make-up/hair day.besides, those pics often r unflatering.    i want a prety pic on mine.

USERNAME :p what's up

USERNAME may 12 exam pa ako after 

man the heat should have won that one :p oh wel i hope the spurs or celtics win atleast

USERNAME USERNAME please make a concert in mexico, monterey please  87

USERNAME they finaly picked up! i hope you had luck to. no fod delivered yet though 

USERNAME i didnt know y'al were going anywhere! you didn't say anything! 

touch scren phone n'radio  :p *brags*

i'm damn slepy now. 

now i wil have to spend al day 2morow trying to get the rest of the info 

USERNAME london beckoned songs about money writen by machines if you can :p

-why cant you ever get that im hapier without you, im doin this shyt big without you 

#10factsaboutme 1. i've have near death experiences about 5 times. almost drowned 5 times  #dahfuck.

USERNAME this is your fault! haha!! :p

no god cartons on 

USERNAME no soy tan tecnológica todavía! 

is extremely sad to report that the local bar closed thre nights ago for god...our litle comunity is without a watering hole, bumer 

 &quot;rt USERNAME i'm just not in the mod today. &quot;

brb #grenrose muna :p

USERNAME aw don't mis us al to much! (the back row take al the credit for that) :p

what color nail polish loks god w/ brown skin? i know pink loks horible and that sucks!  #myfavoritecolor

gws cinta rt USERNAME: mual bgt  *crht

USERNAME //o :o juicy! i like it isn't she a pure blod though? not alowed to mary voldy! 

ehehehehehe rt USERNAME: no no no enough. buat jatah mkn mlm tablo. hehehe :p rt yukinice: gime whiskas for ... URL

USERNAME she was such an ugly nasty piece of work. her por child. that's what my tax pays for  #jeremykyle

USERNAME aw !!  go to moa, they might give out tickets ) you never know. hahahah!

USERNAME geting an escort like USERNAME  did honey :p

USERNAME  i definately wil! let me know how it was   i think i wil be going alone to :p

USERNAME although i think you are more. :p

andhira_pelove, thanks :p

my xbox gave me the red ring of death  - general hardware failure t_t

USERNAME awe  put on a funy movie! that always calms me down 

USERNAME fresh strawbery 

snugled in bed with my laptop so i can skype with friends. god thing i don't work tomorow :p

USERNAME lol you se which sign i'm retweting? :p

USERNAME and its not scary though, just...you have to se it :p

USERNAME i think i remember teling you one day! :p haha. my schol rocks! it's just some teachers. what's wrong with yours? x

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i want one to though---that's col but i asked first :p

first thing in de morning , close de dor &amp; kiap my own hand real hard , second thing i sit on my injured finger , damn pain :'( swolen 

i mis when i'm stil with you 

feling sick since this pm 

USERNAME : lmfao thank you  you and i are over lmfao

stayed up to late playing borderlands... time for bed. :p

USERNAME hey, i don't know if liz sent out a msg but we had to move the potluck to sunday  i'm sory, i know that's the day

USERNAME , whatever :p

USERNAME aw im so jealous !! ive never ben to bora  how long are you in the philipines for ?

just hit a birdy.. 

i just don't understand how al these guys can like me..but the one i actualy have felings for doesn't fel the same way. 

tem mais ninguém no twiter 

USERNAME wo!  i've not listened properly to her old stuf in ages 

USERNAME i love jonas brothers and i like justin bieber's music :p

i'm in so much pain! these pils aren't helping my throat 

yhink il make another one, but il paint it diferent maybe :p

USERNAME ah, i get you now ;) he's 20 nearly 21. it's a smiley face like on his bum  x

USERNAME hahah #agred we're to old for al that now  lol

USERNAME USERNAME you can fight over me ..... :p

to lazy to take a shower i just wana go to slep but i dont want to take a shower tomorow 

changmin wil know thao  rt USERNAME: USERNAME we worying ab that to...but changmin wil know thao...t t #changmincometosethao

sedang cali pacal? folow USERNAME! :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME it was sdc 209. they didn't have a stargate display last year 

maf USERNAME 

USERNAME i know right? :p i had to reflect real hard to get it out of my head :p xd

USERNAME what? you're leaving! 

is it to much to ask? hasle. 

USERNAME hey, i think i have to stay home tonight. i'm kinda out of cash na after paying for my mom's hotel and other stuf 

USERNAME stil in the frying pan :p also must wait for momy come home haha

rt USERNAME: USERNAME don't be sad my be .. 

USERNAME when wil gle start back up? my tuesday's are not the same without them 

work in an hour 

USERNAME nope! what do ye do? :p x

so now i'm narcisistic and sadistic wow! al on one day :p

i wish i didn't have to work at al so i can focus on my education 

morning everyone....its to early 

just opened the fot masage pilow i got for xmas #bateriesnotincluded 

i realised i typed biting (lol), sld be beating instead. :p

no one folowed USERNAME  sdjkdsfsdf. she folows everyone back.

USERNAME u sed u were going on ur phone babe 

USERNAME hugs are god i supose. it's hard to explain to the kids isn't it 

bikin aku cemburu  rt USERNAME: hey USERNAME, do you have twiter acount? give me your username n i'l folow you. thanks.

where has al the georgous suny weather gone? 

rt USERNAME: yeah sory but i have to say this. most everybody from justin's crew with justin are like they never were in switzerland this is so sad. 

i'm teary-eyed for aj perez 

i got the new hary poter movie yay!  now i can be like hermionie granger and cast wizardly spels :p

came al the way home and realized it's sunday. no chick-fil-a on this trip 

USERNAME futebol, eu. 

my por shaved dog 

USERNAME  ur the bigest anoying creature !!! me kiding :p

USERNAME im stayin for rocky. i hope he doesnt main event cause this is prety painful :p

evidentaly my sarcasm is not understod. 

USERNAME USERNAME ah wish i could have ben there 

USERNAME hey who is this? r u from hps? :p x

USERNAME folow us please for your bestie lauren pope not such much the person u hate aka kirk :p lol x

i know we ned a reunion rt USERNAME USERNAME i mis yu to!! its ben way to long 

USERNAME my fever is back again  rest today. start tmr

my mouth hurts! i cant wait for the dentist on monday hopefuly this can be fixed!! 

USERNAME USERNAME  my fault , my ignorance , my badluck ...

sowie dear! ma binu rt USERNAME: yes am vexin..u shld av said sowi 1st :p rtUSERNAME USERNAME i was about saying that! u don vex?

USERNAME i think i have a bump 

USERNAME yes, a wek ago yesterday. and yes she's at the rainbow bridge 

USERNAME omg its on and im mising it?!!?!?! rah!!! 

USERNAME you are awesome... but you'd be awesumer if you changed your name :p

i mis him so fuckinq much &lt;3  '!

“USERNAME: USERNAME - i don't get it  lol” &lt;&lt; basic lol

USERNAME sounds like a song you play in the sumer when you drive with the windows open during suny weather very sumery :p i like it 

ears are ringing like fuck after that gig 

*snif snif* #teamangiecantbreathethroughernostrils 

taking down my pictures #nshit  fuck i'm so sad... lol.

cousin time. there goes my diet...  (@ claim jumper) URL

dgn kekuatan bulan :p rt USERNAME:  #sailormon rt uchardhani: only one word to beat the unbeatable #supermon; you ;)

argh! feliciano! you had federer wel and truly on the ropes there 

USERNAME you are doing it wrong :p

USERNAME ikr! ima make loyd #1 next time he's family to! i was bogus 4 that wish i cld change it cuz i fel bad 

USERNAME you wil never twet me or folow me ? 

i want dan &amp; blair  ...wait i want a dan for me! lol

&quot;hotest actor five years in counting.&quot; yeah, i wil take zac efron for 60 alex. :p i am bored

USERNAME honestly! im tempted to just come now :p

USERNAME amazing! this pleases me! sent you angsty email 

#liespeopletel i can't find my louise vuiton shades 

dun wana be lonely . 

i don't think i have ever ben this sick in my life 

USERNAME i sen ur text bt i didnt get to read it cos my phne neded to be restored  text me again please in like ten!

USERNAME who is asking you to buy ;) read it for fre :p ek do ghante toh mast nikal jate hai  USERNAME

USERNAME *text* you're such a dork :p and it's such an endearing quality.

USERNAME ye and then venue if i get money :p but tbh i can't wait to sit down and talk with #luckygirl and sort this mes out..

aw .. i was just thinking, the last day of freshman year is gona be sad  only a litle over a month left =\

USERNAME dont forget to help me out! lol i got 6 to your almost 10 

USERNAME did you save al the disco biscuits until i'd left? 

USERNAME sure or not.. :p

USERNAME i'd ring you but i have no credit 

USERNAME yeah my eyes are shit. also, i'm being charged £30 for braces which is also ridiculous. sigh :p

USERNAME haha thanks. but that twet is stil protected :p

and i hate my picture! 

ight i'm done for the night finaly slepy another night no phone cal  tough

, umhn . im bored  &amp; think im sick 

USERNAME haha :p yeah thats alot of twets

rt USERNAME: i want chil in malaysia realy frigin beautiful k URL

rt USERNAME: when hary poter &amp; deathly halows part 2 is out, what wil i mis most about the series? i'l mis USERNAME and her character luna 

i would but ion want josh to get mad. :p

the horible moment when someones pushing you away and you can't stop it 

*90 mile-away hugs* rt USERNAME: USERNAME there is always next time. mis you already 

USERNAME i'm not sure , sory 

USERNAME we do nothing debords clas :p

USERNAME  get loaded in the park headliner is razorlight! and its only 40 something quid ... :p

rt USERNAME: *mute* &lt;no. don't mute me  ( -̩͡˛ -̩͡ )

rt USERNAME: the one person i mis so quickly is my best friend USERNAME  fels like i haven't sen her in forever.

USERNAME pain  my phones on low batery to 

the world is very insistent that i am, at the very least, significantly delayed from playing portal 

sound x3  ( USERNAME live at URL)

can't slep because of this noisy storm 

USERNAME USERNAME yeah! you told her to use her words. she did. :p

USERNAME shaiushiahsiahishaiuhs 

um man beside me in my flight is snifling and coughing a litle. hur 

USERNAME *crying* canot must finish up work first... 

and finaly, i mis you so damn, come darl please, i love you so 

i can't believe garyounis got hit, as wel as garyounis university  it was once my university!! #libya

why no one folowed --- USERNAME for me ?? 

USERNAME USERNAME imo, try to educate first. if hat fails, then cal names and rage :p

90. my midle name is guadalupe;; haha yeah i know its al #chunts lol :p

USERNAME USERNAME hey, i know i am a sexy beast, but stop humping my leg. :p

i mis you already fol 

20 tweted so far. and none of USERNAME folowing 

USERNAME i like!!!~~ pretaye! next time i wana do black and violet! :p

melbourne is son coming to a end 

USERNAME i'm leaving at 1 ish then going to town and back to my friends, why? 

USERNAME u and  USERNAME are on skype lol :p i just saw that frm my ovo xd

i wana watch the #royalweding to.  ok shal watch replay sometime later

USERNAME hahaha! fair enough :p enjoy you're day anyway!

being a stres eater is definitely not helping the diet!!! 

USERNAME USERNAME in your opinion, do you think we wil ever met you? i hope so! 

aw, did i mis USERNAME on jimy kimel? 

USERNAME hahaha yep! there on a break til the 18th of april tho 

USERNAME sory bo  hope u have a god day

USERNAME job interview tomorow for nyc! flatened tumy, check! fake tan, check! lol, you'd think i was going to a photo shot... :p

USERNAME yalo nothing to do  i wana watch ming's hansik &gt;&lt;

aw my girl must be tired  i hope she is okay 

USERNAME no folow back? 

USERNAME his name's zach haha. :p

USERNAME i've ben waiting 2 years to be noticed by you, do i have to wait another 2 more? :p

can anyone teach me an easy way to do bar chords?!?!? theyre hard  :l URL

USERNAME oh is imposible, you never folow me. 

USERNAME they let us out  and without any fre cupcakes #rude

USERNAME sucks so much 

brothers last year of prom 

great picture, sad ocasion. rt USERNAME last time walking onto the lot  URL

USERNAME USERNAME realy?! i wish we were going to  x

USERNAME you beter not be talking about ur wrist!!!! aw honey i'm so sory   

i love how everyone fancies hary &amp; i'm like.... wil is fit to  lol.

USERNAME ahahaha i hate it. my life consists of timelines, retwets, and favorites. 

ranjet and chad :p they make me laugh every single time those comercials come on!!!!!!

cant watch USERNAME video jealous. duh but i want to watch it so badly 

USERNAME yeah, sadly that its also his weak point, to  USERNAME

 ihate when people say tht , it makes me sad especialy when we are close . i cant picture life without tht person , why ? 

USERNAME yeah me to! how can i don't cry? everyone cried... :p

aw man i gota virus on my computer idk wat to do! 

USERNAME my new phone isn't leting me check in anywhere!  x

USERNAME i leave for cali next wek   i'l ask you again later on in the wek.  also, someone has a b-day coming up this wekend ;)

USERNAME know how u fel....bad bugs around melbourne town. 

realy is it monday already !!! 

USERNAME lucky. qpr lost 4-1 to scunthorpe  bad times!

clasic article - a.k.a. a post that could use some more hits :p URL

USERNAME  lol i know al of them :p

USERNAME and yes, yes i am. but i was meaning for people elsewhere. like in germany it's 4am!?  so sad!!

i didn't want to leave my girl 

USERNAME to bad i mised that!  and i am in mailchimp every day! but i'm not always on the login scren.

 ' sho iwas twetinq !

USERNAME  hey that's not nice i wanted to cudle

going to se USERNAME al alone  oh wel i could use a drink &amp; some god music &amp; i just wana wear my new dashiki 

USERNAME haha thank you!! :p

i like how my parents dont tel me not to drink or smoke or do drugs, they just tel me not to get in trouble :p

rt USERNAME: bete  astaga hem hem hem hem

#10factsaboutme 62 i haven't yet ben folowed by USERNAME 

USERNAME mdh2n  macet  :p

and yes, my family is starting to make plans, just in case. 

USERNAME i know, it's got a bit caried away now though! 

rt USERNAME: i wana stop waking up feling like crap! ugh!!! i fel so sick again today 

she wasn't there 

2:thumbup: dong  rt USERNAME: :thumbup: rt USERNAME: hahah  kangen ane ye :p rt USERNAME: yoih,aq URL

my batery 3 &amp; 1/2 bar more 

se when i se lasies who i used to be friends with and they're dead prety, i get so anoyed. 

USERNAME i mis her to...everyday 

rt USERNAME: -'aun no te haz ido y yah empiezoh a extrañarte  USERNAME  i love you mi #bf! -#hoyconfiesoque.....i' mis you hug!♡ #~-!

USERNAME hey dear... sry to hear that...  don't study rigorously... take some rest ma... wishing u a god luck for ur exams ma... 

USERNAME im god dels, sems like u just disapeared  x you?

er USERNAME, USERNAME texted me :p and told me, but i said i couldn't go! haha yeah right. i wish i'd be there for her in a heartbeat

just poped 6 six pils, why do i stil fel pain  fuck £1 paracetamol

USERNAME ahaha. :p if twiter stil even exsists.. or it could become like myspace.

my stomach hurts  *runs to the toilet*

USERNAME ugh i know i am 

USERNAME i have to many sketch pads xd i haven't filed any of them though. i ned to draw more :p

i forgive you ;) rt USERNAME USERNAME lmfao sory bo :p

i cant slep 

he&gt;&gt; USERNAME ?? :p rt USERNAME ndtv india is the only hindi news chanel which shows news post midnight to. rest are hijacked by babas.

USERNAME 

i'd like to have some old fashion shaving bunies.......just to have em'.... :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME please folow me i love u. everyday i twet u but u no reply me   9

my mum should stop boiling weird drinks . so biter ! til i'm slepy  nights !

USERNAME qatar is so left out  you havnt came here yet  one question . do you even know where that is ? most people don't :p

USERNAME me to 

itchy eye 

never ever do the cinamon chalenge  it kicked my but!

rt USERNAME: being depresed one day before schol starts 

thank god for USERNAME reruns.sick baby  hopefuly slep wil come and dady can take the morning shift. #eyeshurt

awe bot  rt USERNAME: #rockies are now 4-2. wp: olsen (1-1). lp: morales(0-1)

USERNAME na ! forgot how to text ? 

USERNAME we? tsk i don't think so :p

USERNAME aw it was a dumb fight 

i hate playing golf &amp; mising the bal  . fel kinda stupid -_-

this harder than  i thought/expected... 

me to rt USERNAME: i'm just siting here staring at nothing thinking about nothing 

USERNAME one day, i wil se you on tv - sucks that everyone i know with lava refuses to let me go to theirs to watch it 

#twiterafterdarkrt USERNAME: let your _ _ _ _ _ _ walk on this pusy :p

ned 6 folowers 

day in bed again? loks that way  my imune system neds a serious bost!!

USERNAME i have headache and stomach ache  you ?

USERNAME omg!!! stalker!!  is there orchestra this friday??

i ned a brand new camera  canon t3i!

USERNAME yeah but i got a 90 on one and 105 on another so i think i should stil have an a or close to it! she said i have an 81! 

#sotelmewhy i haven't got a txt from you in 2 day   and i've tel you

USERNAME the nrl would never do that - aren't the nrl completely against manly and fuck them over at every turn? :p

i don't wana go to work tomorow 

pack of nine old ladies on the train, so loud  also the 3ds max volume sucks bals

plz wil people folow me i only got 1  x

USERNAME the night cena was fired i almost got hit by a car and almost was beaten up by a gang 

sigh. why is osama dead?  i was about to find him and ask him to bomb my schol. 

argh. just realized my restaurant diner dogie bag has ben siting in the car for the last 4 hrs. no left-over lunch for me tomorow. 

rt USERNAME: fake friends: never borow, always steal. great friends: never steal, always borow. best friends: always borow, just don't give back :p

i haven't even ben of for an hour and i'm #smacked. u know why??? because my friends are coler than yours :p

USERNAME awh :/ i've ben manc twice, birmingham and coventry and it's always expensive 

rt USERNAME: the flags are @ half staf @ the ofices of sodmg &amp; pte, r.i.p. to USERNAME litle brother who pased-way in a auto crash last nite 

owek  :'( rt USERNAME: chating with USERNAME and almost cry 

USERNAME USERNAME wait.....wat about me? 

USERNAME por eso digo que es mi bebé haha :p

USERNAME  oh realy :p ?

USERNAME hey, mark. how's the whiskey treating you tonight? and, hey la faker fans...take dat wit-chu!!! :p

vengeance kicks and snares and bas ..... 

rt USERNAME: i hate when my bestie is depresed cause then i am  at least i get to se him in a few days.

USERNAME #sotelmewhy you ain't folowing USERNAME ? :p

USERNAME *backs away from the computer* um sory. lol :p x

i just want it to be sumer. i mis you USERNAME, USERNAME, USERNAME, USERNAME 

USERNAME i don't like rides 

USERNAME i'm 29 and i've ben watching #onelifetolive ,#amc since i was 6. it fels like i'm losing god friends i've known 4 years 

USERNAME  hahaha that was so mean... por bil! :p

USERNAME it's ok. you can tel him.. it tok everything in me not to twet what i was thinking... al bad. :p hehehe

ihate when things slip my mind 

couldn't agre more. let's go #azkals! rt USERNAME so hard to not se what's going on  come on azkals!

USERNAME mr le didn't ask anyone to help you check! 

USERNAME when wil last night's episode be online?! i was working and don't have dvr 

USERNAME thanks man, some car trouble..oil leaks and crap :p

philosophy.. philosophy.. you have oficialy lost me 

i mis USERNAME she dont text me anymore  wel she acidentaly text me so i gues that counts for something

USERNAME  pls tel me that kobie is ok  this cant hapen

USERNAME ya, omg. super sot last night. 

i'm so anoyed al i've ben geting is bad news 

 rt USERNAME: aw. just got of work and thought &quot;maybe i'l se what USERNAME is up to.&quot; my brain is cruel to me.

so sad in church. an old gentleman had lost his wife thus wek. we sung her favourite hymn and he broke down crying 

what i wouldn't give for risoto from USERNAME - post op = liquid diet 

 unhapy with certain things.

fele dsick headache and hicups oh bo 

USERNAME USERNAME hey now lets not be mean 

USERNAME not a fan of vesel  heh. but trip is awesome 

rt USERNAME: i want chil in malaysia realy frigin beautiful k URL

im gona cry  slod last episode ? i dont want to se that episode no.......

y wil me new pic with robert not upload to twitpic 

my mentions as  somebody talk to me

my dad probably hates me. how do i lok and americas next top model are on tonight. and i hid the remote. he keps saying &quot;women.&quot; 

USERNAME nou  haha

USERNAME nah i'm not  i was just there lols!

USERNAME USERNAME i mis you so much ladies   

i'm bad at remembering names but god at remembering faces. does that mean i lok more than i listen 

&amp; i cant find my hat 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME please twet us?  x

rt USERNAME: the flags are @ half staf @ the ofices of sodmg &amp; pte, r.i.p. to USERNAME litle brother who pased-way in a auto crash last nite 

where are USERNAME's arms when you ned them  #inedofsomecudlez #lonely

USERNAME me 3 til 9 

USERNAME 

go over to my house(you know what i mean) wkwkwkwk i'm just kiding :p rt USERNAME: tonight wil be a boring saturday night 

USERNAME no go on the litle brother  might stil go myself though

im fucking up everyones night 

USERNAME aw  they aren't sending! :/ it's al god leme try again xd

whats ur fave carton?? i know u watch them!! o_o :p — squere bobpants URL

USERNAME hugh grant is trending :p

already mesed up my mani !  never fails-_-

no chance for USERNAME to se my twets and folow me  it's just imposible cause so many pl are tweting her.  sad.

USERNAME that realy sucks 

no it didn't.  rt USERNAME: texas hops did not lok god today #mavs #spurs

USERNAME no phone u can use?  tonight i ned to talk

USERNAME agred 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME  i love yu sis i was in twiter jail 

USERNAME ast i mis you alreadi :'( lol potatoes!! hahaha :p i love you so much, mwah :') x

USERNAME can be any shot you want ;) liking the s&amp;m :p but erm.. whenever your fre realy 

USERNAME nobody wil like that  hope the peace (v)

rt USERNAME: i mis u more jane !! pgn ktmu tp km sibuk trs  rt USERNAME: baby jane USERNAME i'm watching ur video on my lapy i mis you 

USERNAME i have ben not seing almost e whole world in the longest time  hope one day can dance w y'al again!!!

USERNAME later they bar me again. . realy stupid one. . i scare  so hard to apeal &amp; get warning lo. .

USERNAME oh i'm so sory to hear that, thats very sad  kep your chin up ok, i hope to c you back there son. take care of urself! x

USERNAME haha, but i'm kinda scared i'm gona get adicted :p

fagrobatics from circue du soirgay broke kilys phone  URL

it's cold. it's raining. i want to be home. naping. not in qc. for a boring math clas. 

maybe i should find someone n setle down, i aint getin n e younger 

USERNAME chỉ indo thôi à ? :-s tháng 7 nếu thi xong tớ cũng đi du lịch. giá như chàng sag malay hoặc sing thì tốt 

#youknowuwining when you have a long overdue convo wit yo best friend!!!! i mis her 

19) i find jese macartney realy hot :p #10factsaboutme

rt USERNAME: £1 a wek pocket money? i have spent £10+ a day on fod. that boy neds to get adopted  » he certainly does!

ow  ouchy, my spine just clicked like 10 times when i sat up 

#10factsaboutme 23- i lost my best friend this sumer, i don't even think she mises me 

USERNAME wah  i also want 

ha3yat  i wana go back in time! URL

USERNAME :o shit, i clicked on that thinking it would be a picture of soshi  hungry t_t

back to schol.... 

USERNAME are you coming to the arena?!  ben waiting outside ages to met you! x

USERNAME only cause your meanes is rubing of on me :p ew bacon!!!!!! aw in your face i gota 10/10 piza in the frezer mwahaha

USERNAME i lost my camera and i didn't saved the photo on my computer *snifle* 

USERNAME you're welcome  haha what can i say, i love welsh lads :p

#pause my light kep flickering on and of  #getingscared

USERNAME true...plus i think i might remember al that pe stuf, especialy the video with fearne coton and greg james :p

USERNAME wel shit, color me jealous  lol

ful strop alert- my hairs to short!! 

no one's folowing &gt;USERNAME i thought u guys loved me 

argh . dady wil nag at me for my piercing 

USERNAME 

USERNAME it's only what the old people i've spoken to say :p

USERNAME and USERNAME are on tour together and i didnt even know ...that was my opurtunity to se twist 

USERNAME i've mised you to  x

i think we stil have to pay our $20 library fine 

i don't wana talk. about egs 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: USERNAME please help USERNAME! you gave her vips and some girls tok them from her and ran! 

:p mortgage foreclosures URL an overview to non-judicial and judicial mortgage foreclosures proceses

USERNAME please folow me USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME i'm beging you now i have 3 acounts with twetlimit please  z

USERNAME got most of ya from swb somewhere here from pics i transfered but canot now find 

i hate geting of the phone when i'm not ready to 

i'm aproaching 30 twets, i think i talk to much 

for the first time i regret living alone :p

-i give up . i cant eat , my head is kiling me 

rt USERNAME: my moma's in texas and i'm realy misin' her... 

rt USERNAME: remember when i cared? hahah......me neither :p  #tenthings

25,0 twet :o i twet way to much :p this is to al my folowers love ye :* x

here i am b rt USERNAME: ned someone.. 

to busy to watch #ajperezmk. sigh 

helo cak. i know youre reading my twiter now. jsyk, wa lindu lu ah brader :p

USERNAME ha! i know  wel yeah probably in like a few years time ha x

USERNAME omg i don´t remember!! how is it posible?? :p

at work mising the real madrid game 

ecie muthe, dr faqih ke ivan :p *mjb rt USERNAME: bae lort USERNAME: USERNAME oke dah,, eh apa kabar lo.??

wkwkwk maknya hati2, jngn mcem2. :p rt USERNAME: ajigh sieun  (´˛`“) siga sumanti, #eh rt USERNAME… (cont) URL

 sayang rt USERNAME: USERNAME i ♡ tht moment we shared together URL

USERNAME old woman! i'm only turning 16 in 8months :p

USERNAME go to their homepage. they are gone. 

USERNAME bf you partying without me??? 

USERNAME i know  but i got it working now! 

things are always bad 

USERNAME very old! half way there danibum :p haha x

USERNAME bad to met you!!! :p

USERNAME you don't know how dificult it is to have an idol who lives in another country 

USERNAME bieber was freaking amazing ! &lt;3 i didn't want the night to end d: but it did 

casey wants me to slepover... but to be honest, i don't want to :p

morning al...i'm ready for schol...but i seriously cba 

USERNAME ahahah shit right '? :p man nigas think im playin !

USERNAME lol ya . its through the center part of your ear eg :p where an ear phone sits.

both my arms hurt 

rt USERNAME: watching the royal weding and crying. i want to be a princes 

USERNAME haha ok or just read it like a poem :p x

USERNAME yeah i like that it's closer.. wel they ned to figure it out! :p i'l help them;) hahah.

USERNAME msn rosak .  aiya . i cal you la

rt USERNAME: al #katycats are sad, cause USERNAME doesn't twet. we mis you so much.  ♥

ugh this is seriously the homework asignment from helo 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME what about singapore nath? when is twtour gona hapen here ?!? 

USERNAME bahahahaha, non!! i wish tho  lol

rt USERNAME: USERNAME yes, USERNAME is in the house! #carsmbc &lt;-helo you two!  sory i mised! 

so tired!! n didn't go to da mal to go shopin for a prom dres 

USERNAME woah! if ur stil awake from last night ... then ya its time to slep :p

USERNAME  does he do anything for you?

USERNAME everythings so boring ! i'm going out next thursday and saturday i think ! wana go out tomorow though  x

i'm reading al my #tribe tweps posts from the game. very entertaining. sory i mised it  #ohthelifeofanurse

USERNAME wil he ever do anything other the slap people ever? :p

USERNAME true, but i'd like to se the plots wraped up wel... 

i ned sum sandals..but i'm not suposed 2 spend no $ 

leg cramp 

USERNAME hahahaha! i'm in! we shal kil her :p !

no one upsets my USERNAME and gets away with it  love ya justin x hope your okay x &lt;3

rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME i already do! :p

my phone batery never lasts the whole day 

rt USERNAME: i kinda mis speakin to 1 ov my old homies, yes you! but i'm a stuborn person &amp; i refuse 2 apologise, so i gta live wit it.. 

USERNAME  then you should just smile at them like sheldon :p

photo: this is just so wow…. get of m,y way..! or i bite you :p we heart it) love miley-stupid-thing URL

oh god! that awkward moment when mick gets the wrong aple pie maker  #esex

fel rubish this morning 

USERNAME aw wel, the weather is shit today. riding my baby in the rain blows. i'm sory u had to work overtime 

USERNAME or stil shacked up with an ex, but they're with their new partner and you kep walking in on them.. *shuder* bad dreams 

USERNAME ohmygosh it's raining?! 

USERNAME i know!!  either 1 of my housemates stays and we find a 3rd person or we move separately in 4 weks. masive party tmrw!!

to bad they lost  USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME

USERNAME lol oi ur nasty! he tried to go up a curb bles him an fel of propa shok him up then ambulance came 

rt USERNAME: aw  rt USERNAME: #agodgirlfriend is somethin i was never blesed with smh.

USERNAME could u plz stick with either paststudies or recentstudies, we're not slaves to ur whims. :p

USERNAME : sun has comeout finaly with hot wings !!! ugh 

USERNAME i know  longest winter ever.

cok for us rt USERNAME: i'm starving 

taking a shower! 

back from vacation 

USERNAME ikr! mepek jer. haha. :p what time you going home?

psh to mr launays hw  it's a kiler .

rt USERNAME: more than 60 people spent today loking for lost orangutan baby luna in the sintang forest. no sign of her.   other actions continuing.

i mis how it used to be 

it sadens me that i'm staying indors when the weather is so beautiful , its al for a god cause though 

USERNAME  i'm sory

eat mister donut now :p

USERNAME swet thanks!  ugh stomachache! :p

long day! so bumed that tomorow is monday  back to work

i love editing rug burns and but scratches from images. you lovely dirty girls! yes, you. you know who you are! :p

having so much fun with USERNAME n USERNAME  talking about the first **** ** ******* ******* :p n

USERNAME i just voted for sydney! why are we not wining 

..p.s. the thing i said about mind reading, i lied. i don't read minds  x

USERNAME lol sometimes that's al i fel like doing. i mesed up my ankle god though 

USERNAME that sucks for sjm  and there's nothing anyone can do....cher up hopefuly it won't be to bad

USERNAME haha!! i've done fuck al work this holiday. :p mega cebs! x

USERNAME she doesn't even notice me 

USERNAME  i se your sad  come get some advice on URL im siting here waitling to help 

USERNAME yer i am a big fan lol &amp; no i havent  but i realy wana  r u and big fan lol :p

USERNAME wel i don't believe it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :p

USERNAME ah loveyou to roda ♥ can't wait to se you on my birthday if only i had a b 

my hairs almost blonde again 

rt USERNAME: godbye toronto for now! i'l mis you  i just crosed the border into the usa. begining my long drive back to la.  gona be a dozy! ;)

USERNAME USERNAME shame i'm stuck with them and jedward in a bet 

USERNAME i luv tornados and in santa ana, california (by la) we've only had 1.  and thunder and lighting r awesome!  lol

USERNAME unfolowed me!!!  why???

USERNAME idnt wana fail it 

ugh , i got gym today!  #skolflow

im confused. 

omg! i have not ben tweted in 24hrs!! ah :p

taco day in the caf USERNAME 

please reply 

USERNAME i don't find a lot of the guys there cute.  cuter ones at taft imo.

USERNAME i dont 

USERNAME ok but ur stil tweting :p

my back is sore. 

of ozge ya of 

USERNAME i duno man, you were the only one eating at the table; you tel me :p

USERNAME sory 

USERNAME haha nah richmond menthol son, im some chimney 

USERNAME hey pls. folow me bk. i'm a filipino hope we can bond together. .pls? 

USERNAME that only tok a month and a half. :p hehehe...

geting al depresed because i cant even do this introductory calc...how the hel am i suposed to take ap calc next year?? 

rt USERNAME: hmph. i should be caking right now, but instead i'm going to slep. 

USERNAME tohnight!? Ü we have family diner eh 

USERNAME you stil to busy to train with me? :p

USERNAME opa! you're writing an esay? k' so long :p

rt USERNAME: no #castle tomorow  not even a repeat!

the only time i fel fredom is when i run during pt, now the doctor is taking away my fredom  cause of a stres fracture above my ankel.

USERNAME um nope!!  sigh...u?

not feling wel today. 

ke dukun yul....rt USERNAME: i'm sick!!! ned somebody to care!! 

USERNAME i didnt know what to put for my religion, acording to fb im a jedi :p but ive ben christened and arnt realy religious xd

USERNAME come over tomorow and help me make them!  then i'l let you have some :p

USERNAME haha, yes, i should've warned you :p

lex didn't reply back to my mention  i'm curious

rt USERNAME rip elizabeth taylor  what a great woman.

you sem don't want give a shoutout to audrey and stacy from france. sad times  (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME lol you sound exactly like me talking about miley cyrus :p when i was 12 and 13, i liked her. now, she's just a litle whore :/

 rt USERNAME: x_x rt USERNAME: chet!!ijust saw a roasted man x_x

last 2 nights. 

USERNAME baby my phone of  you gona have to mail me on here or facebok.

rt USERNAME: no sense of humor at al...  URL

im so ful i'm wobling like a penguin :p

i love suden holidays, i had a math exam today but the king decided to give us a holiday :p

USERNAME sounds like a bad experience story...  sory to hear!

rt USERNAME: ugh , losing focus 

i wish i can be with USERNAME right now  don't wory baby you gona be okay

USERNAME i got stoped out of $gs 

not feling wel at al 

hahaha rt USERNAME: wana hear ur voice! wana se ur face! wana kis ur chek! :-p wana watch ur concert!!!!!!!  USERNAME

photo: kawai !! USERNAME must se this ! it’s he ! panda lol :p URL

USERNAME yeah im suposed to be during homework now  what year are you in?

USERNAME USERNAME i have that to :p

USERNAME charbucks bought my old fave in my area, cofe conection. i haven't had a decent cofe-shop cupa in years. 

USERNAME  aw  sending +++++++++ positive vibes ++++++++++ !!

USERNAME its 7.30? even the mcd caled to complain now :p

USERNAME amy!  its hard to go to jersey, when are u coming to houston so i can get tated by you?!!! *bangs head on desk*

oh my god.  shes gona make me cry!

USERNAME nothing at my mama and dady house loking crazy 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i love tom, sory it was me that comented on the photo :') yum&lt;3 = hands of :p x

USERNAME same here...so i must cal before you cal ah ah what kind of friendship is dis one :p

i'm fecking bored shitles 

USERNAME i am hungry. that's why it sound god. :p

now my freaking arm hurts and is mad swolen and the worst part is i woke my buni USERNAME  hope she went back to slep

USERNAME just left me  come back.!!!!

yanke, naija and china sef don finish t. latecomer wan start their own... substantia negra. lmao :p

USERNAME so true!!! hahahahaha. thanks for the tip. :p

USERNAME so sad 

USERNAME aw !  im no sad! this is just so fucking swet... &lt;3

k back to my homework :p

USERNAME sup? i don't think i'l be able to talk to u that much caouse my phones die'ing couse some1 stold my charger  nie goude

USERNAME your bos is totes bos :p get lots of rest my lovely, i hope you fel beter son ^^ *hugs* x

combine abia and kano nd godluck's stil wining!!!! :p rt USERNAME) rt USERNAME: unoficial ... URL

argh stupid saturday service!! got to waste half hour of my time stuck here!!  x

rt USERNAME: USERNAME yeah the guys we usualy rely on geting hits from are quiet: rowand, sanchez, panda, and posey. :p #sfgiants

USERNAME #supermon realy bring out the best supermon roftop party :p

watching my local news' memorial/report about elizabeth taylor. kinda teared up. 

USERNAME it's such an awkward feling, blech 

USERNAME aw man! if dont have u let me know! i se if i can get for u here lorh! :p

juz came back frm lts to buy my malay epop isue 19 ^^ &lt;3 i efing ove the s3 malaysia big poster :p

just in love... 

photo: my nasty ugly hair before. i hope kely is up for washing it for fre  URL

agre, condemns al violence rt USERNAME: damn u, bomber..  hope u sufered on ur way to hel.. *i'msorygod*

a lot of things to do today. there's no time 

wish i didn't have to work tonight.... 

ima get aplication forms tomorow!!!!!!! 

USERNAME android doesn't want you any more  you hurt us al by saying that about asop 

USERNAME so much exsays scenes lol 

can't slep stomach and head hurts and feling nauseous 

mc donalds is closed 

home!!!! ned to sort through al these photos :p

USERNAME sused 

where did you disapear to USERNAME .........i mis u.. what did you do today ya bent :p

USERNAME haha dat col i'm so ken for siting in my pjs now anyways haha.. got work at 8 tomorow 

acabo online 

USERNAME yeah me to!  i realy wana slep,but actualy i wana go to the swiming-hal! lol 

rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: @ morgans harbour......next stop lime cay&lt; 

USERNAME i was realy! lol i couldn't stop laughing when we were talking :p

USERNAME USERNAME hi hi hi give a warm hug for u,, :p

USERNAME USERNAME same  oh man.. would it stop before 3??

chicken nodle soup under the cover i go..  

USERNAME you were in phily again and didnt tel me 

USERNAME spain spain spain!!!! what about spain? i can't understand why you, guys forget us of that way  why?

im starving ._. and i ate aracheras 

rt USERNAME: &quot;USERNAME: USERNAME dude, please get your manager to switch venues, fuck the mod club&quot; - 

rt USERNAME: i am so bumed we didn't get to play toronto  customs was very intense, we spent four hours there. we are so sory if you came for us 

rt USERNAME: way to walk around the uk with an american flag outfit when you're from canada. lol :p

rt USERNAME: i wish i was in his arms right now 

USERNAME you beter figure it out! its gona be fun   i mean u can always come out tho later

hohoho  relax rt USERNAME: USERNAME the exam schedules make me crazy 

USERNAME wait what? just woke up and read this! 

&quot;frozen&quot; que pelicula tan triste 

#rip elizabeth taylor 

USERNAME why? 

i could go for some animal crackers right now :p USERNAME

USERNAME col  .., i'm stil bored twin, wana play a game? :p

kmungkinan operasi, dur, mdh2 si engak rt USERNAME: kenapa ger? rt: USERNAME: bad news from the doctor. i'm scared. 

USERNAME hm guesed corectly :p you watch also?

USERNAME ah man  wel if u change ur mind let me know

USERNAME oh i hate when i get to busy to open a shipment and it is wrong when i do 

USERNAME glad to hear from you,gema.we started with a nice day,but more rain is apon us :p se you son xoxo

aparently USERNAME played at a girls party yesterday!! she must be so rich!! i want them to play at my 16th  x

freaking quality sucks 

USERNAME lol i was going then i mised the bus and got tumy cramps 

USERNAME ew i was of yday with a migrane  der the worst :/ #felbeter  x

damn...or not cause i don't have a siter 

USERNAME where ur twiter page was at yesterday...i  tried to twet u and it wouldnt come up 

stil waiting to hear from the garage, hope it isnt bad news and they write car of 

rt USERNAME: my holidays were so unproductive. bo 

USERNAME haha lok at you and al your folowers. think you're some kind of fotbal superster eh? haha :p x

im sneaking downstairs to the kitchen to eat some #fese5 #ba7bo if mom caught me im dead :s  i dont know why i cant eat it late ya3ny :s

sunday came to fast. 

USERNAME i love it so so so much.. i can't believe we have only 2 weks left.. i dont wana go home 

USERNAME i wana dye it red ^ ^ i mean, not al of it, just some stripes :p

so i just saw a twet that USERNAME tweted and it kinda made me sad 

USERNAME i stil couldn't find your heart 

USERNAME i'd rather be known as the USERNAME :p

why isnt gogle images workin 

wil somebody text me please, i think my phones fucked up 

i want a baby polar bear 

USERNAME lol slept like a baby cuz yu are a baby ‎​)º°˚˚˚°ºнaĦaнaº°˚˚˚°º‎​) :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME rtwets to much :p

i broke a nail 

training caled of due to thunder storms was crazy think saia was woried about his hair  might go 2 fitnes first hope it's not busy

USERNAME my as only makes po! not oxymorons so ha! :p

USERNAME idek :p

USERNAME comes with far to much drama  x

i wana cofe cold 

wof wof...my fav owner wont stop watching the masters to fed me!!! 

tweted USERNAME 25 times last night n he stil didn't folow back  so much for being hopeful

just tried the #bcbudget online calculator. i'm £20 worse of     URL

USERNAME no, i mis thailand bec of that 

i just had a laugh atack laying down. lmfao ohman :p

USERNAME shut up!! okay then, cock sucker! :l :p

on a sad note *snif,* it sems that bd is al wraped now.  we have a year and a half for movies &amp; promo but it won't be the same...

i wish i cud text and twet when im on the cpu 

0.0 just finished watching the &quot;degrasi&quot; season finale...eli is a psycho...i can`t believe it, i thought he was so cute   &lt;-veronica e.&gt;

USERNAME thanks josh haha, trying to slep now :p if anyone does anything im coming home, cant wait to se you guys realy cant 

USERNAME  highly upset that yu ain't dead.....fuck

USERNAME lol..na i checked before.. :/ talk about letdown.com 

USERNAME yes yes . but i'm at another campus . damansara to far. no transport 

wel have a nice day &amp; g night mamas  rt USERNAME: USERNAME i just came in  i'm hating

USERNAME aw you alright? 

how to compare gas credit cards :p URL credit cards

i'm tired  realy don't wana move out my warm bed today *sighs*

fels sad  listin sad songs.,.kinda of but tryna get bouncy .,! shud change it now,.!

coking leson.  hm but kids wont share  (@ heatley secondary schol) URL

same here! 21 in oct  rt USERNAME: why does my bday have to be towards the end of the year &gt;.&lt;

USERNAME you sem to notice everyone except for me  so please make my night a whole lot beter &amp; rt/folow me &lt;3

tenes twiter???? :p — yes USERNAME URL

USERNAME my housemate wont apreciate it :p

USERNAME hah? liat dong! :p

i knew he didn't love me 

USERNAME , i know  sory .. i didnt tel anyone realy , dont like when people wory.. x

USERNAME - the last few episodes were harsh 

feling sick, tired and exhausted 

USERNAME god to hear i'm not alone then :p at least i just had some shawarmas

USERNAME it's like your adicted to twiter. hehehe. :p

it was only 3 lesons for me today but i'm totaly tired and i don't want to back to schol 

USERNAME i did drink a mid-afternon machiato...so even if i'm yawning, i can stil fel the efects of the cafeine :p

rt USERNAME: #thatawkwardmoment when USERNAME doesnt reply you... 

USERNAME i ned 9 :p hydreigon might be a gts afair ;)

breaking up is hard to move along is even harder, its over he got colder i cant locate where his hearts at 

USERNAME en londres :p

wow wow!! welcome to poly life!  *hugs*rt USERNAME: omg one of the host tipe2nya ky USERNAME !! lovely lebay :p *hugs*

USERNAME gona mis you this wek  rach said training was hard! have a wicked wekend don't get to drunk haha! x

USERNAME i don't know bitch i don't know  but i don't care, we'l get maried and we'l live hapily ever after!! 

USERNAME cabou me credito

USERNAME it's just a kis :p okay we'l talk later ;)

USERNAME i kinda can't avoid them. wish i had ur strength when it comes to these things. but the fact u say ure use to it is sad to 

god night &amp; god morning twetas. get a few hours of slep alarm set for 5 am 

USERNAME -evidently the kid hasn't done anything about the website. i get msgs about items not available.  bo for jamie.

USERNAME i want USERNAME to come to hong kong 

USERNAME i can't makind gifs  you make them in photoshop? i'm just tweting, tumblring and loking for new bg 

USERNAME yeah  i fel so god inside cause i got 10 le fans to pray for her and they aren't even rushers

my stomach felin some type of way  #ana

wow! mafe USERNAME rt USERNAME: i mis USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME !!! 

USERNAME so so angry that i couldn't travel up to belfast to met you today  please remember am a #loyalmunk til forever? x

USERNAME USERNAME ok i'm oficialy giving up on my hair i'l just leave it as a frizy curly mes :p

am i ugly to you ?     #seriously

can any1 help me? my pupy is going to stay with my dad for 3 weks! its gona kil me  but more to the point wil he b ok wil he b 2 sad

bosen ding, di tv ga da sm☆sh  #rezaswet17th

USERNAME hoho. what he say? aiya, maybe he/his wife is pms-ing luh. so you gota forgive him for that.. lol! :p

USERNAME  im goin as quick as i can.

USERNAME hehehe i think in 2 years we wil se the couster buses using that lane hehehe, الك شو ما بدك ازا زبط :p

fishing. without USERNAME 

rt USERNAME: last day in singapore 

USERNAME أكيد، ليا أنا بس :p USERNAME

homework 

#getwelsonkyu  rt USERNAME: the acident that kyuhyun had 4 years ago was april, to. right? loks like URL

USERNAME aw babe wish i could help  -hugs- cher up it wil work out hun x

 wil mis you to :*rt USERNAME: wil mis them ):

USERNAME USERNAME &gt;&gt; no she wil not be there 

USERNAME i think it is but i dun hv the pasword.. 

USERNAME yeh wasnt a fan of the whole 89 minute sub and only one to. stil had quality on the bench. ah wel, bit sad now 

today not a god day!  but o wel!!! ignf!!! haha

rt USERNAME: i mis you already.. baby, i wish you were here 

USERNAME por thing 

aw me to. i'm bout to cry ((rt USERNAME: USERNAME i mis you  ima slep mad lonely now

just finished bathing my niece. :p

i ned to change my twitcon i hate the one i have :p

i twet to much 

slept past the workout clas i wanted to do today 

omg my stoamach hurt so bad i wana go to dha emergency rom 

i mis my friends 

USERNAME wel not since your last twet. didn't realise you were helping me stay pure #horsealreadybolted :p

i don't think my mama like the travis porter station on pandora  -kanye shrugs and turns up music-

16 years old and im siting here watching elvis presley on youtube :p

USERNAME yes, he was rather sexy;) and yes! holyoaks later is depresing, like last year when sarah died  x

USERNAME um, not sure. there is no sample sentence.  that's why i'm ??

lmao son she b 1 nxt year rt USERNAME: USERNAME i saw the cutest thing for yani first bday yesterday =d but i aint have no money 

bsm wae! bosen.aku lg d itb nh hehe rt USERNAME: sini! nyusul ke bsm :p rt USERNAME: maurt USERNAME: sour saly ‎

this is shocking! i have schol tomorow. hng~  ma gawd! i wana rest!!

USERNAME eu ia no show 

USERNAME nothing :p you?

USERNAME you're welcome. yes it is. quite sad 

going back to slep  got to much on my mind.. god night  ( again )

i hate the dark! 

my phone keps deleting al the texts i get, and only keping the ones i've sent..? 

i would cal someone up buh im at work 

hungry af right na....but no clue on wat i want to eat 

USERNAME stil sick?  wel, yes, you are definitely not mising anything out there! god day for veging. ;)

forgot iphone for twiter doesn't have plixi!! wah  gues i'l go back n forth. lol

USERNAME i mised it  i've mised to much of it i was loking forward to catching up

USERNAME i know! i wil, r tom near burst out crying before  they have to phone an ambulance cos she can't move  il dm you now x

USERNAME talk about you're intimate relationship with USERNAME :p

USERNAME ... stil in quite a lot of discomfort so asuming it'd be a lot worse without the meds. case of just having to wait, i think... 

USERNAME i ned a date night but no babysiter. 

USERNAME i try to USERNAME se my twet about jazmin, 250 times but there are milion of twet and i hope that he doesn t se mine 

USERNAME what do you ned? :p ox

USERNAME to bad we are not going to the beach 

USERNAME haha. helo bro! wala lingaw.. lay ang #blacksaturday.. i'm listening songs from #boyceavenue right now.. :p

USERNAME al political parties :p hahaha

USERNAME ahaha yu wna wear one f mine? :p

rt USERNAME: even with the ginormous nose i have, i can't smel anything. 

USERNAME mis you to much  i'm geting daryl loking now!

USERNAME the diference it's that pl hates one because it realy sucks and the other it's just envy :p

USERNAME that's not nice 

USERNAME haha wel, thanks (; to bad i'm a pedofile magnet.... i have some stories about that. haha :p

there's a thimble and a tiny hotel on the decorative shelf near my ceiling.    whops.

no!!!!  rt USERNAME i had a dream i was cuting lola's hair &amp; i was doing a prety god job til (cont) URL

USERNAME lmao people are caling me retarded for saying it and disconecting  hahaha!! x

USERNAME i mis you to 

im geting used to this yoke :p

im so clever that i hurt my arm real bad in indor netbal :p hahaha.

i realy don't fel god today  #sadtwet

USERNAME USERNAME sory but halsy sorta bets the both of them :p &lt;3

just saw ach on a desk in geometry :plets go carbon!

rt USERNAME: haile. i. mis. you. 

i realy wish i tok art  it was the one thing i enjoyed and i didn't take it. i was prety god as wel :'( i threw it away for science

USERNAME online ofline online ofline 

USERNAME of course :p :l

USERNAME sory broskies im doing modern notes  *puts gun to head*

USERNAME anything but the truth 

USERNAME the machine was down 

gosh i wish i was at USERNAME 's show in chicago, wah 

USERNAME i tried to b here when u arived! but at 2 am i fel aslep!  sory!

credit card ofers URL :p low apr credit card ofers

43. i seriously ned to stop farting t-t i already farted more then 3 times doing this #10factsaboutme haha! i htink i ned to shit :p

USERNAME oh! ahaha fair enough  i don't know what the show is caled where he makes out with daniel craig :p is it god?

man, might not go to practice. #smh! 

where to go tonight??/damn i wish i was por :p so i would only have one option, which would be no option :/

USERNAME i tried playing minecraft again on your server it refused to conect 

boredaf and is wide awoke wit no one to talk to  i gues i wil do my research paper~wifey of jay&lt;3

u was so hot i wokeup from my nap..  

geting ready for skid row at starland tonight. something tels me it won't be the same  

listening to ben here al along  USERNAME just realy reminds me of my uncle  your with me.... -crying-

USERNAME i'm jealous 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME we have a love and hate relationship, bruno. now we're hating you :p

USERNAME god point made :p

USERNAME i wasn't up at 7am (i was stil awake) i'm not stresing! and the tampax thing was just a random thought lol. how's your exam?

what are ye doin :p (USERNAME live on URL)

my tumy is grumbling  URL

i mis my daughter i wonder what her fat self is doin 

no one folowed USERNAME for me 

USERNAME you should :p

rt USERNAME: so sad i can't be at the thor premier tonight  congrats chris!!!!

rt USERNAME: i mis watching fresh prince!  it was one of my favorite shows in the 90s lol when i was a litle kid.

sueño inmenso 

 ok but u started twetin me tho nvm rt USERNAME: USERNAME leave me alone!

so i'm having an alergic reaction to something i ate and i have no clue what the hel it is 

USERNAME yep... a movie anouncement would give the fans that extra incentive 2 turn up.... id hate 2 think u guys r wasting ya time. 

USERNAME aw 

USERNAME i'm not in today babe. what's hapening with drama rehersals ? i'm shiting bricks!! 

“USERNAME: whats god folowers i aint ben on yal timeline in a lil min...” u realy havent!  #nobueno

#tragicmoviedeaths toy story 3 when the baby died to save everyone else 

USERNAME hahah #royalweding drama already! be tweting tomorow abs! :p

i realy dont like when people judge me, makes me lok at u diferently n makes me not want to confide in them..  im not perfect, ya kno?

why hun??rt USERNAME: gudmornin twips ope y'al had a wonderful 9t rest...cos 4 me ma 9t was short 

 rt USERNAME #nufc defender mike wiliamson is out for the rest of the season (via USERNAME) #nufc #fb

my brother refused to let me watch the second half of towie 

im so tired...i just want a hot bath and some slep but i wont get much slep 

what is your profile picture of on facebok? — picture of me meting colin morgan :p URL

USERNAME hahaha arayo arayo~ it sucks to have birthday on exam wek 

USERNAME i do dream big! and i kep dreaming that you wil folow me but it's not hapening! 

USERNAME who ever sat in the bathrom why somebody poped? #thatslove&lt;====no it aint thats nasty *slap* :p

USERNAME maybe depends if i wana go :p

i want to be nearby, huging her tightly and held her hand and say &quot;i love you &quot;.... but i can not 

so 5 of my 6 sister love pisn me of. i havent met the sixth one yet 

in a bad bad bad bad mod...sad...damn! 

rt USERNAME: when a girl says &quot;whatever!&quot; she realy means i hope you get shot, fal of a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then get eaten by it. :p

#retis #clpt :p rt: USERNAME: to al my new folowers on twiter, &quot;helo..&quot; *lambai*

so no more mini vacation this wekend 

broken whel stud: i was atempting to lower my car this wekend and unfortunately did not get very far.  we w... URL

rt USERNAME: wtf why are people saying asking alexandria &lt; rebeca black... someone neds to get the dick out of there ears an hear real music :p

a = angle, s = side. “USERNAME: whoa, i bombed that test  i have no clue what the diference betwen as sas, s, and asa is ”

i think its best , that unfolow you because every time yu twet something like that i get more depresed 

goin to se #scre4m on #tuesday wit #maboi USERNAME :p

rt USERNAME: …you guys interested in amazing real estate oportunities near scenic aligator aley in florida? —not me! lived there! :p

hihihi grapje stacey 

USERNAME babe ı love u fucking so much please folow me 

rt USERNAME: sometimes i wana go out &amp; let the breze tickle my cocah, but i'm not brave enough to go comando outside 

USERNAME god morning! i'm sory  i couldn't understand that languages. can you speak english? 

the nap i tok realy mesed up my slep schedule 

USERNAME hahaha! i want to hear him shout! i got laugh like sohai mea 

i think i have the hots 4 someone else coz my other crush is alredy taken 

USERNAME oh no! what's wrong  i'm okay x

 nama na jg ngis deras . rt USERNAME: lebay e. ckck rt USERNAME: ud sember .  rt (cont) URL

headache 

USERNAME old law  they can't enforce it if everyone twets

USERNAME don't wory i mised it as wel. 

USERNAME i canot conect with the webos ap anymore? wrong username or pasword. weblogin works flawlesly. 

*shock* this season of american idol is ful of (bad) surprises ! 

USERNAME me!! :p

USERNAME :o i'm jealous ! send on some. i can't even eat that , no milk  lol check your mesages !

USERNAME then friday dunwan ar? :p

USERNAME yea 

feling bad for my baby right now 

USERNAME god damit i thought it was on tv 

rt USERNAME: i mis getin &quot;god morning &quot; texts 

USERNAME its actualy 73 :p

i should move i start work in les than an hour 

rt USERNAME i mis paris!  «so does bosley 

USERNAME haha, who knew that he was the basis of al your &quot;suces&quot; :p

USERNAME ... tlhema its not funy rethabile!  ... like i was drivin and saw it! heard the dog &quot;scream&quot;!  ... #tear!

i fel like my body is giving up on me 

USERNAME 865  you?

can't wait to go home... 

USERNAME edward why must you be so adorable i don't get it  you're cuter than pupies and kitens and babies 

rt USERNAME: stil in bed.. :p being lazy before my day starts in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1........ URL

i wana eat what i used to eat 

USERNAME haha wel you'l just have to get an xbox and play with me :p and i'm from michigan. michigan state spartans!!! haha

ok fine, folow me  USERNAME

USERNAME i mis you 

USERNAME i didn't get the response 

USERNAME  oh the days where we stufed ourselves sily. then afterwards when we had our bqs.

rt USERNAME: if the #twfanmily were on take me out .... i would take u al on a date :p x

rt USERNAME: no one knows exactly what someone else is goin through 

USERNAME awh  you should contact the guy anyways to se if he knows other breders, thats how we got my pupy 

my baby mama caled &amp; i couldn't go with her i was to tired 

USERNAME my phones broke. i'm going to bed. such a bad day 

USERNAME yes, people think we hate her because she dated joe but the truth is that first, she hurt demi. and then she changed joe 

USERNAME u taught me #neversaynever . but you wil never se or reply to my twets  i stil love you!! x

USERNAME :/ don't be..  hahah :p .. come live in croatia.. haha.. then you wouldn't have to go to schol xd

USERNAME um you're judging is not apreciated 

USERNAME if you study more than i do, it should be fine la.  its not fair that almost every one i know has their own laptop or com. 

just wana lay back dwn. 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME forgive me,  lol

USERNAME 

USERNAME haha yes. just sew them to your pants so you never leave home without them! and turn it back on! were al tied up! 

USERNAME hes neglecting us 

USERNAME hahaha yea  but i thought members of oneday equaly had god bodies!

USERNAME no turns out i didn't but i did get a concusion. stil not fun 

USERNAME i can't instal it, it says &quot;required aplication aces not granted&quot; 

so much les stars visible from the location on nights.bad bad bad. 

USERNAME spurs were playin with reserves, no duncan, no ginobili, no parker...we'l wait u in da playof! ahahahaha go spurs :p

USERNAME smh this is why we dont tlk  

USERNAME yeah..that made me *snif* to  hehe

i've ben listening to the same song for the last hour &amp; didn't even notice. obviously #thinkin to much 

light headed 

so mad !!! i wanted to take cake decorating clases, and now its to late! i was a wek late :p

USERNAME i know but i have to bus in morning cuz no ride car broke, swiming first thing and if im late he wont let me swim 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME lmao. dag that's rude 

rt USERNAME: women are like the police. they can have al the evidence in the world, but they stil want the confesion. #guilty :p

foze  bye x (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME i never se the picture we tok! 

USERNAME hahah yes, woke up at 1 :p

why must the train smel horible? 

i just had a check- up on my braces, it realy hurts! 

USERNAME i know.. i knew you'd be sad. 

USERNAME damn you for making me fel guilty  maybe if ihre makes my wkend i'l come *sigh*

u right i'm tryen. thanx hun rt USERNAME: USERNAME  just be there. not even be strong but being there is al it takes

USERNAME yuck! i hoped it tasted young and sexy  my abs are going to play &quot;hide &amp; sek&quot; for a long time &gt; wish i had a job 2 get lipo

i'm so tired! damn!! 

USERNAME lmao yeah. why did you tel her the pasword you loser. :p

USERNAME oh let's do it ;) i came by you're house earlier 

me fren daughter a bred n him a mad!!! sory fi him u c 

USERNAME no you're not.. 

USERNAME yes! i wanted to go but i'm just so por right now. plus i neded to get some geo-tastic work done. sad face 

rt USERNAME ugh ; i hate when pl are mad @ me 

mised the 10k run at work this morning as have not ben feling wel.  

oh crap...it's earnings cal day...means i have ot listen to cnbc... 

USERNAME can you? upload in your youtube chanel :p

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME  fel lik that everyday

i don't fel god at al i'm in so much pain 

USERNAME there's this one aswel - URL .. its a god one :p x

i can sing but how do i getyoung money/cash money to notice me? sad 

morning jogs on the wekend kils! 

i mis the wekend. 

USERNAME it's very cloudy, fogy and raining! haha al bad weather conditions together now. 

the line work for isue ten is in the bag.. onto 1! things are geting god! (in a rather violent sort of work :p )

at the hospital, visiting my aunt  everybodys sick!

USERNAME lol, to bad that hweixin is reading right now, and she's slow . :p

please USERNAME read USERNAME twitlonger !!!!!!! its a poem about you!!! and al your songs !! please read it!!!!     9890

USERNAME haha that advertising character? :p

1) now i want kolaid 

USERNAME but that's the thing you get more rest if you're alone for abit. :p

i mis my #revabs core crew 

USERNAME   what is wrong with your phone?  this is twice we havent goten to enjoy the nice day

USERNAME its just for fans from us and canada!  i realy wanted to go, why the south american fans cant go? we want a chance 2 

everything i seeverything i doit reminds me of youand i'm siting here wonderin'if you'l ever come back to my side :p

my cousin wil be sleping here with her dog) envy her 

USERNAME sí 

my tumy hurts 

#notetoself: hide pictures or any remembrance of lolo from mom 

“USERNAME: rt USERNAME: and of i go on my first day&gt;and didn't even tel u by  USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME” how was it

i fel threatened. and inscure.  damn you hacker-slash-stalker.

USERNAME hahahaha i'm at the library now.. meting up my groupmates in 15 mins. hahaha we go have lunch with nely son lah. :p

USERNAME don't fel bad. i'm here right now 

work in 2 hours -_- sundays always run away with me 

USERNAME haha, he went of before i got to watch 

USERNAME USERNAME drove you al the way to washington?? #dedication :p

USERNAME lol u cant stop me shawty!! :p

rt USERNAME: my brother in canada,i realy mis him so much 

USERNAME tadinho do seu peixe 

chocolates now , so sinful 

USERNAME i can't remember what you lok like either  can't wait to se you on tuesday!x

working on a wekend 

omg breakdown much?! godnight 

i mis my baby... 

USERNAME when wil you come to new zealand!?????? 

fantastic party last night, now for the great tidy up - with aded hangover 

USERNAME you upload any interesting minecraft videos lately? :p

rt USERNAME cudling weather but no one to cudle with! 

i hate embarasing myself  #50aday

i just scrol through my tl and realized anyone i'd want to mute i unfolowed already.  debie downers USERNAME USERNAME

oh im such a bad as :p

in your heart baby~ &lt;3 rt USERNAME: where is my friends? 

i wish i could understand  rt USERNAME: 세상아 절대 그게아니라고 말해다오.

USERNAME hahaha i wont tel u :p jay said the truth to hahahah 

USERNAME wel god thing im not in texas right now then :p we should work on that getin to know each other part ;)

rt USERNAME since ystd's royal weding, everyone is in the mod to mary someone haha! even me :p

USERNAME ahaha alright wel except for the fact that she's the blind one! in one eye 

i mis my smalie already 

everytime i hear that song i think about him 

USERNAME hey just saw that u changed  ur name from &quot;girl u dont know&quot; to christine  ....u finaly came out of ur hiding :p

USERNAME :p so youre watching the matrix instead right?

 rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: i hate it when my friends change just because they met new people.

me to  uma take care &gt;//&lt; rt USERNAME: USERNAME:오빠 i realy want to met u...but i must test ╥﹏╥

USERNAME oh no! i'm sory  but... i'm curious... how do you acidentaly dye your hair??

USERNAME wish i'l be noticed by thousands of fans tweting you 

USERNAME haha sure you wait only. don't come beg me to stop. ahahaha :p

disney i fuckin hate you! your chanel is gona die in a shit hole , because al of my favorite shows ended or is ending! 

alone no twiter 

USERNAME oh i found it , he a thug 

&quot;do you wana be a part of the disney chanel? act like selena or sing like justin bieber?&quot; lmfao justin isn't even in disney chanel :p

USERNAME eh how u know? sory i think i forgot :\ i got stm  sory sory... yep i remember talking to u 

gr stuck on level 12!!!!!!!!!! :p

im going thru like every emotion right now. 

USERNAME hey, i bet you haven't emailed the guy at twu yet, have you? :p

USERNAME lmao i was just playin gez :p

i wana cudle . i mis my old bo 

ugh whenever im depresed i slep for hours  kay so clearly i ned to get out more

#f the most amazing #mncr and future carthage colege cr USERNAME! we are losing a great and hard-working member  #mngop

omg everywhere is having quakes. two just hit myanmar.. 

USERNAME only if you were a girl 

USERNAME i forgot that i didn't retwet the drums one. :p i was also saying al of that from my phone, so it wasn't as easy to find :p

USERNAME ouch :p yeah il be in colege wen your 18 :p

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME mind to folow back my twiter please? i ned ur folow back 

6th period sucks without USERNAME!!!!!! 

rt USERNAME: i'm sick  come take care of me ,

undercover bos was amazing tonight! it made me cry 

USERNAME if i want some, i have to wait 45 days. 

can you guys please help me to get USERNAME to folow me?  i realy ned his help! please guys. x

i stod up &amp;&amp; felt dizy and fel back down . 

USERNAME the star wars stuf was dul. :p

me lo dices! haha :p where's USERNAME wit her twet to this?! haha rt USERNAME: USERNAME i just (cont) URL

USERNAME wish i could've found alivestream link for you.. 

USERNAME  lmao , the time im reaching if you read my a story :p

rt USERNAME i never se deion at work  -- ls this was only the second day, are u working al break?

owh! maksd ? :prt USERNAME: :p contoh batu yang baik ---&gt; rt USERNAME:  rt USERNAME: hadeh ==&quot;... (cont) URL

a busy day .. but first i ned someone to pul me out of the bed !! 

USERNAME didn't u know twiter is comunist? :p

USERNAME erm, idk!  i wna try out and row!

i was reading about the cayle anthony homicide on wikipedia. heart breaking!  rt USERNAME hi my dols!!!! what are you doing?

71 #10factsaboutme im afraid to tel my dady i'm gay  i know he wil judge me. he's super religious.

USERNAME oh, had no idea. that must have ben hard   it just shows what us humans are capable of

USERNAME hahaha! put beter than becoming fuly black later :p im god, thanks 

i hate the thought of growing up. the thing that sucks is that its gona hapen wether i like it or not :p

USERNAME maybe she stole my phone or read my jedwardireland twets :p your not that famous :l cos i have bread like omg

al these songs at this weding today are making me sad  gues i realy fucked up huh? :/

another night of no slep  #joy

USERNAME i'l be here tomorow... we'l be here late tonight as wel 

USERNAME i'm so excited to visit this saturday! i wish i could met some of you girls there, but none of you are going 

USERNAME au 

USERNAME that's a shame that is 

there goes my empire and al cuz of a girl 

hems -i'm so tired 

rt USERNAME: selena's gona be on elen today. can't wait to se what elen gets her to say haha :p

USERNAME michael zach &amp; i werent ready! and its okay, i had to go to  it wsa realy nice meting you d

 just saw a thre-leged dog

USERNAME i never lie, just.....bends the truth a litle :p

sick to, btw.  you know, if i started acting delirious and eratic, everybody would asume it's busines as usual. :p

i know  rt USERNAME totaly agre since i cant se you now  rtUSERNAME: being sick on the wekend is the worst.

USERNAME i can deal with cramps and bleding but it's just the mod swings that kil me the most  i get so fucking depresed

#ithurtswhen i se stray dogs and cats being dirty and thin, scavenging thru trash for fod 

going to schol today.. even if i'm stil sick...  #dontwanago

USERNAME aw what's wrong? 

USERNAME i'm sory  go ahead and twiter-scream. it helps a litle.

if i was alergic to wasps i think i would actualy be dead. i'm always geting stung 

USERNAME hey hey hai pai leay na nhu mine! 

USERNAME i don't know if you'l be able to bowl for sure, i just tried to get a 2nd lane and they're totaly boked 

wkwkwk;p rt USERNAME: hiks, muf ..  (?) rt tifach: fufufu~ rt USERNAME: hehe._. mup.. rt tifach: -_-

wel i can change that rt USERNAME: facebok showing me more love than twiter today 

USERNAME he doesn't do that anymore and i mis it  &lt;3

why can't i be famous lol 

rt USERNAME:  they fuckin up rt USERNAME: lol i mis, thats so raven, lizie mcguire &amp; boy mets world rt USERNAME: disney chanel sucks now (

USERNAME gold forever! i mis you to, 

rt USERNAME: just at bangkok airport now.  internet! yes!!!! only for a litle while though before me and team lose contact with the rest of the world 

USERNAME brady fel at daycare and fractured a bone. should be fun at our house for a while. 

USERNAME wow you actualy go twiterof when i wana show u somethin how nice :p !?

weh?? rt USERNAME sahod tama lang for expenses  have to be super tipid from now on. wala na munang kain sa labas until june. t.t

USERNAME i'm mad we didn't get to hangout while i was at home! 

trying to create my own minecraft multiplayer server :p please

USERNAME lololol... dnw to be the leader of trol team~ i'm a god girl :p lol.. i'l change my name then &lt;_&lt;

USERNAME mised you to babe.  what's up? 

USERNAME  schol just started, and im not adapting wel

i stil didn't go se the madea movie this wekend 

can't se the #mon because of the clouds 

USERNAME you found out that it was her? oh my.  have you talked to her about it?

ah iyo so.? masa trg 2 p pin sama? rt USERNAME: USERNAME: wily,, qt p pin sndiri itu no! 

USERNAME hahaha god job :p

why u crying...rt USERNAME: *nw crying* i have to go, i want 2go 

i'm mising someone 

i hate how he so far away..it makes shit so hard  but i'm wiling to wait..

USERNAME USERNAME lmao! i love how we're just asuming i could go to the hod and it'd be fine! :l :p

2 persoane mi-au dat unfolow .. cu ce-am gresit ?: 

USERNAME it should 

pised of my friend bought me USERNAME tickets front row and has now told me she cant go and shes seling the tickets!!!! 

USERNAME omg thank u so much for replyin i screamed at the top of my lungs lol embarising :p x

and there doin an easter eg hunt  #jealous

i just texted clif &quot;eh you scared until kena eaten by pocong ah?&quot; hahahah awesome shit :p

upin pulang ya upin. i mis you upin  please upin pulang 

USERNAME you beter be jk or il have to whop your as :p

i want siomai 

USERNAME but nightime is the funest  i can do whenever, no plans. saturday afternon? 1:30-ish?

bin up since half 6 &amp; cant get back to slep  not gona finish my art final piece today either. briliant -.-

USERNAME i´m 3 p's to. 

this has to be the nicest day in ny since october, and there is absolutely nothing to do 

rt USERNAME: tem um super herói no twet :                                                                   não achou?  k era a mulher invisível

USERNAME wont se this and wont folow me 

wel i survived a nerf gun war. thanks to USERNAME but as for cole,ashely, USERNAME elise,luna sisters,lisa,melisa,ben,nick and my bo 

im proper tired tonight serious i fel like death warmed up  so godnight al.

USERNAME listen to my remix URL maybe youl like them a litle bit, ha :p

USERNAME aha you got #owned i joke your way beter :p x

USERNAME that she is!  funy as hel, if the gag rel is an indication! :p

USERNAME i ned to send you a dm teling you what kind of testing i'l be puting it through, b/c otherwise you'l freak. :p

hate wearing make up for schol, fel like i can't just go slep on the desk 

USERNAME bo his  wel leme know when u leave!

USERNAME: camiguin, siquijor, siargao &amp; batanes...i'l se you son - dami namang itinerary! :p

USERNAME lol, i bet one of them was you... :p xd lol

mi white album, terminó mal hoy  hey bungalow bil what did you kil?

USERNAME hate spaming but its the only way i might get a folow  please???x

USERNAME it was hard  haha glad i mised it then :l

i hate whores... they make me fel i'm just another girl  and i'm specaul

USERNAME bro 3 words for u: shanti, shanti shanti :p  am feling the heat from the bk jokes lol...make them lighter n laughable it wil

USERNAME scream b1 1.15......might watch it haha :p

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME  am wel behaved me i am single i do what i like :p x

USERNAME same, atm wastinglight, the album is awesome, love al the tracks 1-7, haven't listened to the others :p

try pounded yam, it hits every spot rt USERNAME: that burger didnt hit the spot... at al.. 

boks used used boks clasifications for colectors :p URL

USERNAME  your japanese. you build gay african robots and eat raw fish for breakfast

it's crazy how diferent the uk is to oz! its a shame we didn't get to catch up christina more than 15 minutes   URL

5 more hrs in this hel hole... to long. 

rt USERNAME: #tragicmoviedeaths mufasa in lion king 

USERNAME  okay, i think i'l stay at 2024.

USERNAME lol xd i disagre with that! :p it fels like you're hacked and i'm talking to someone else lol

USERNAME whats the theory behind saying &quot;haye&quot; :p

USERNAME hm i may or may not mis your presence  :p

cant wait for tomorow.. would be beter if i had a decent hurley to play with!! 

god, listen to my prayers 

USERNAME glad you got one. there was nowt doing down here which was disapointing 

rt USERNAME: #mondays suck. . . i just wana slep the day away :p

USERNAME that's my flavor! akapera though  chinyarara nyaya dzako idzi im geting nostalgic

am concerned, burger had a po stuck to her bum and when i chased her to get it, it disapeared. where' d it go?! can't find it anywhere! 

USERNAME i didnt get it 

USERNAME you're very welcome. i mis mine right now. it's down at my apartment  hahah

twet me! i want diferent to twet me! :p ; lets get to know eachother! (:

i literaly have hardly had a chance to even breathe before 2 am this entire wekend. 

i think i scratched my glases 

USERNAME i'm easily amused okay 

USERNAME i smashed a crisp and two flowers that were almost dead. impresive much? i liked that shirt 

USERNAME i'm barley a few months into the story if you get me. lol. charlie sounds kind of depresed 

work til 9 ew , long shift 8 hours  #wah. wel partying and geting wasted after fasho w. USERNAME , USERNAME and USERNAME. &lt;3 yay !!

where the fuck is my black #hedley shirt?  #heartbroken

USERNAME #sleptweting #delirioustwets - i'm not even real today. help me 

USERNAME no not yet... she's not online or whatever i don't think.. :p

ned someone to talk to 

USERNAME i am a disaster with the sinus presure   hope you have a god nap 

jealous of everyone going to se USERNAME take me back to manchester 2 weks ago 

where is my bestie USERNAME ?....i mis her 

USERNAME sounds great! we can get you in contact with other londoners. p5 is short for procesing bc procesingberlin was 1 char to long 

it's cold and windy outside. 

rt USERNAME: omg! i fel so bad for USERNAME family she died in a car acident a few days ago! #pray4her&lt;3 

USERNAME canot watch  must pay $3.9 to rent for two days.  i watched mentalist s03e01 though. hehe. i wana watch al!

USERNAME ahah :p

i wonder how android aps on the playbok wil work, exactly. can i just load up adw and make it an entirely android tablet? :p

rt USERNAME: driving down to met the train from turin   URL &gt;&gt; this means tmrws gona be the biz :p

rt USERNAME: each tomahawk cruise misile costs roughly $1 milion. us launched 10+ against #libya targets. hoping al gets sorted out son 

USERNAME hen u comin back to schol????  #imisu

and i colored my hair damb i'm on a role today he'l ya .. ! i mis my boy 

my sky is fucked up. first of al the sound isn't working and second of al i can't change the chanel from e4!!! 

i want a stret party in my endz  except i doubt anyone talks english round here  x_x  :'(

USERNAME oh dear god, not whispering lesbians!?!?! hahahah :p jk jk

USERNAME because when you smile i smile ... because when you cry i sufer together 

hi USERNAME hope you have fun today x you should go to mncds i am going today d :p

#np when you're gone - avril lavigne , ingat kls 9 dulu 

USERNAME yer they are far to dodgy, saw chesterfeilds result. rotherham gona fuck up my promotion acy 

#nowplaying  caling al angels ~ train  yeah.  i know.  :p

USERNAME first a bit.ly warning, then a 'forbiden' mesage... your link is kaput 

usc trip tomorow.... can't wait!!! :p

okay, enough ... let's do some english leson 

USERNAME shame i have to be back at work and don't get this priviledge!!  x

USERNAME is being an as cuz i suck at bowling  .... (;

so sad, i've wasted my 40 hours of pandora. what wil i ever do? 

my prep stuf won't fit on the shet, and i only have 4 drawings  but if i take one away it loks to bare:/ x

i wana know but i don't wana ask. tsk 

i can't stop laughing 

rt USERNAME: i ask myself this every day rt USERNAME: why is waka flocka so much coler than me? 

oh dear.. rip..  “USERNAME: breaking news: us actres elizabeth taylor dies: us media”

dey shud be a nice meal @ home waiting 4 me but the reality of the situation is der nuthing der 

schol of rock is so boring for me now... i have watched so many times... 

today was a m a z i n g &lt;3 i also learned i am not ready to stop liking the dude i like :p

phew i thought i had mised USERNAME on the 7 30 show!! but it is on, in a thursay :p x [like it? URL ]

vindy knpa ?rt USERNAME: fitri  rt USERNAME: :') rt USERNAME :gua ngak mau nangis

#iwasthinking i wish he was here with me 

rt USERNAME: just woken up in a bin. that fourth botle of wine last night was a mistake. this is not god. 

USERNAME you're sick dear ? 

USERNAME oh realy ? i thought it's donut fletcher :p

i lost my pin  uh oh !

wondergirls :p rt USERNAME justin bieber pe lagu kang? rt trivena: no body no body but you

im not feling to wel 

my niples are sensitive from swiming earlier 

of to muck out, then go to work  double time though! then se my babez later for a masive ch sesh. fucking lav ma lyf.

tickle wars are no fair  i just lost! &lt;/3 working on a sneak atack strategy for later!

USERNAME yep (: and haha i hope you have the range and hands for shortstop :p

cape.. 

no i don't want my exam script. 

cold  and raining  come on brazil, why can you never be perfect ?

i freakin mis my 'benz' 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME whenever youd like, preferably son i think im gona go to bed early since i woke up at like 5 this morning about to puke 

me  rt USERNAME: any ladies wana go watch scream 4??   #lonelytwet

USERNAME relax girl, i take care about it ) lol auihoaiuiha :p

USERNAME thanks babe &lt;3 yala have fun with your oranges :p

USERNAME nice one :p

of that ignorant beligerent! :p

USERNAME wicked, did you get v.i.p (very inportan prestoner) ha  i didnt realy ned to no about you're toilet habits ha :p x x x x

USERNAME i already have a copy got it from your old store.. but not signed 

USERNAME i emailed to but i think i wil be away that night 

waiting you :') USERNAME i'm so sory  i'm disapointed with my mine  sory for al my mistakes  i mis you :')

rt USERNAME: my fet hurts so bad 

so failing this exam 

USERNAME hey...  its ok. dont wory :p

just #watched the final episode of #24 

lolzrt USERNAME: USERNAME you ought to stop saying bye coz you twet 2 minutes later anyways :p

rt USERNAME: actres elizabeth taylor has died, nbc news confirms&lt; rest in peace 

why dont you have my initials?   (USERNAME live on URL)

USERNAME USERNAME he kicked in 2 goals at the begining but both not counted cos it's ofside  but junsu made 1 goal for fcmen^^

USERNAME wel she's next to me but she's not anoying :p

USERNAME oh!  realy hope it goes beter

lmao.. wel sadly  i ate it al.. got u next time ..rt USERNAME: USERNAME u no it....bring me a plate n stop playn mis v..

USERNAME aye why u hate'n 

USERNAME folow :p

rt USERNAME: #10factsaboutme 4. i can't life without twiter 

USERNAME ah fuck  lol

USERNAME it's botaful! and true! #penguinseatyou would have ben beter :p

USERNAME oh have fun  are u gna kep on twetin? cuz im bored :p

USERNAME awesome, i'm making my first, it's easier than i expected it to be :p

USERNAME did i hold you? i'm just saying na :p

USERNAME lol i started eating mir a few ago to :p but i just went out and bought more egs ;) yumy x

ohemge,! now i'm realy scared,, tornados touching down,!!!  *cries*

USERNAME that's not nice 

USERNAME yeah! i hate it to 

true blue procrastinator  “USERNAME: USERNAME thought you were working? lol”

USERNAME your not in casualty enough lately 

&lt;a href=&quot;URL this wil not work&lt;/a&gt; 

omg that was beyond swet! but please don't tel me that is the last of #klaine we are geting this episode!  #gle

y hoes post bout how big they as geting then put a  at the end like that ain't wat u want.

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME who has roted their phone? cant find nothing for 2.1.1!!!! 

USERNAME but did you try the one he tweted a couple of hours ago? i was sad it didn't work 

#10factsaboutme 51. i left my ipod touch at my cousins house last sumer and have not goten it back yet. 

#oficialtwitersong don't stop be-tweting - gle :p

this is gona b a long hrd wek!! i wasnt rdy 4 this shit!! 

my exams unoficialy start on wek 12~~ 

disregard this rt USERNAME: - i no longer have my personal striper, cause im a heartles ashole.  . . in ned of a new striper.

i didnt se my girl USERNAME  hope you had a god time

USERNAME no, it isnt u can gogle it :p

watchig avatar now.... the anime not the another avatar... :p

damn so much for that idea, it's already taken, i should have know 

 who can pick me up for schol tomorow morning ?

USERNAME bwahahaha awesome... how bout-- &quot;f**k the car i do a mutha f**king walk by. also i mesed up.  i was thinking flavor flav

kok gini bgt sih... everywhere everytime... you make me galau.  so bad.. #edisigalau

USERNAME oh no  sory i didn't say god night earlier. forgot to say i had to leave and when i got back you were gone. god night 

USERNAME unfortunately, you have to run tag swap while you stil have the original device to 'fre' its tag. 

USERNAME i bet you $1,0,0 &amp; a cokie that you'l never folow me or twet me ... 

USERNAME i love beckham but that isn't real it's edited  he's stil a bos though!!

i don't se why this is hapining for its not me 

USERNAME yeah my best friends obsesed with it. i'd rather fifa or pes, not that i'm any god at either :p

my ears are so blocked. i went into the lounge rom. it's horible. omg. how am i going to live and enjoy the concert 

hi USERNAME was my birthday last saturday and it would mean the world to get a late birthday twet/mesage from you! please? :p x 1

me to  rt USERNAME: i'm mising suny USERNAME already. what a change from yesterday... loks like there's a storm on the way 

USERNAME cough cough 

USERNAME me to!!!! 

USERNAME USERNAME yeah like as much as i wil be hapy for them it's upseting cz we wil never get to se them as much  x

i do but i dont like him ugh rt USERNAME: not my type of weather al i wana do is cudle but have no partner 

USERNAME congrats hon! you hit over 10 folowers :o so proud of you :p

USERNAME i know  maybe he was tired? at the brisbane one he didn't even talk to us d: only at the end like when he played baby

USERNAME yeah! but such is life  you have moved once so you can move again lols

got a fucking headache and no dms 

USERNAME  i hope you get beter son.  i stil have lingering cough, but that's more anoying than anything else

i fail at prank caling 

USERNAME me gusta fanfiction :p

i can't do this 

stil workin :p

USERNAME that's where it is!! i loked for that thing for like 20 minutes last night. i was thirsty 

my dreams of marying a prince is al gone  i gues i just have to treat my guy like a prince ))congrats to the royal couple!!!

USERNAME USERNAME yip! scinta! ustream slaped me about and emotionaly destroyed me  mis you both!  x

USERNAME USERNAME hahaha i searched it especialy for maty :l i lav it :p

USERNAME it's so nice 2 se 1 of those self-absorbed american so interested in canadian politics. so nice... sure u'r not a canadian? :p

USERNAME that's not fair i can't change my pic... i use my phone not a computer! 

USERNAME why wouldn't you just tel me this stuf when we're chating? :p

USERNAME i want to watch 

USERNAME no i'm not :p i was playing on my other sim who was at the same step as our sims:p adicited 

schol tomorow.. kil me now 

USERNAME 5ft -_- lol yeah i got guts :p lol your fater  x

USERNAME want to be but no money 

i want tacos haha :p

USERNAME you said it was dificult for you to study and watch tv at the same time 

awkward moment when you ask if ya legins are se though then when your out someone you don't know says nice underwear you got there 

456 out of 120 not #wining at al 

bener kat :') thank you very much ya.. rt USERNAME: USERNAME ah oliv. turut berduka cita ya  prince ... URL

rt USERNAME: #10factsaboutme 93. im team edward tho i adore jacob :p

USERNAME i give up with my twet from him now for my b'day he gets so many twets bet he don't se mine  x x

lonely for 5 hours  someone save me

no one folowed USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME  they auto folow back!

USERNAME  i want i was thinkin some1 neds 2 have a bq lol

rt USERNAME: how do you unfavorite stuf?!!!  i didn't mean to i swear!!!! i heart just freaking stoped!!!

USERNAME sayang!  would've loved to treat my canadian pamangkins to the experience. maybe next time. thanks!

USERNAME folow me back, please  it'd make my day!! ♥18

god show even tho buck nasty wasn't there 

rt USERNAME: i ned you now 

USERNAME 7ada!!  l2asaf i suck at memorizing stuf bas lyrics i can... and i know english more than arabic so.. :/

USERNAME ctfu thats why she tok a picture of me   i got scared cause ididnt know wat she was doin ls

USERNAME i know that u know  bas bra5em 3leky :p

last episode of the ofice with michael scot 

USERNAME omg demi you tweted while i was having diner! that's not fair 

USERNAME xd god! actualy i wanted to directly ask you to twet him about it, but was afraid u might think i'm weird :p

lol rt USERNAME: USERNAME USERNAME i wana make one that mentions the name &quot;bieberlona&quot; :p that'd realy pis 'em of.

i am so sad right now 

USERNAME  i won't be back home til like 2 on friday

i am havin a bad day my louise 

now i can type with 10 fingers :p

USERNAME mish u sester!  i coulda got u!

fed up of the doctors! i'm a walking problem  #justfindoutwhatswrongwithme

USERNAME USERNAME  should jump in the midle of it like way ho kate!!! #qilf :p

gona watch the bounty hunter! :p :p :p

actualy idk how to go com center . ben there once only ~ 

USERNAME: she never got the mesage 

USERNAME hahahaha i kept thinking i was back to the begining!. after a while tho i got tired of taging shadows :p x

USERNAME thats what im saying! my parents gave me no basket 

USERNAME it's not neglect! you always check my stuf. :p

USERNAME its ok u wil go further than any other contestant on idol!!! #pia rocks!! no point in watching idol anymore. 

USERNAME heh. main to khud suicide karna chahti hun due to lack of atention. :p

USERNAME haha i hvent got it yet ;) tuesday il probs break it from over use in the first wek  hmpf

USERNAME nice tweting pala.. :p

i'm getin fat sense softbal ova i ned to get on ma #workout  !

witnesed a fight.  then i had a heart-to-heart talk with USERNAME &lt;3 i love you! 

lost socer game against sinclair 4 - 1 

USERNAME i used to want an iphone. i wanted it so bad than i bought a blackbery. :p you have an ipod, why ned an iphone?

USERNAME r man are you having a fat chinese  

USERNAME mean...u gt me thinkn...u nt being fair 

USERNAME wish you where there vloging 

come back to israel we love u  please come back!!!!USERNAME

USERNAME i'm going to try and get to your show today, but the day i've had, i'l get home just as you get of. 

USERNAME sory! jesh! lmao :p

pete doherty, y u not mine? 

USERNAME i know last night's victory was biterswet 4 u w/losing a friend.   i'm so excited u made it tho. next stop: top 10 baby!!!

USERNAME you're sleping late again opa, it's not god. 

bye bye mulet  u were greatly apreciated and loved  URL

USERNAME aw  i just randomly youtube'd evanescence haha

i'm baled up rite now! 

“USERNAME: USERNAME i mis your 'shoe of the day' where have they ben?  x” oh i must do them !sory i haven't for a while x

i wish  retwet bridgetmore18

USERNAME stich 

reses puf, reses puf beta' than chocolate flavor! :p

USERNAME yeah something hapened 

rt USERNAME: i love hearing undiscovered talent, they're always more pasionate about their work- like me  its taking to long.

rt USERNAME: #nowplaying USERNAME - long distance 

USERNAME and i gave up ber yesterday. 

someone please help us get more folowers ??? we only have 179  x

USERNAME imu more!! 

USERNAME omg yeah! that's was the last time i saw you before you moved away 

USERNAME :0 im done..you &amp; baby kis my as. 

why can i learn my pasport, student id and phone number, but not my bank client number? 

USERNAME what's wrong hun? 

terible night sleping.  my litlest angle might be geting an ear infection.  por baby 

USERNAME i know!  so disapointing, but come wednesday, we might se a whole diferent game out of our pens.

USERNAME aw  yo tmb a ti!! ..estoy planeando ir a fin de mes :p

USERNAME let's go!!!! ahahaha. when do you plan on seing it again?! lol. i'm fre this saturday evening/night :p

on campus  i mis u to rt USERNAME: haven't sen my wife USERNAME in awhile..where are you?..lol

i want my romie USERNAME to stop being sad...it's making me sad 

tried to do the french and normal braid hairstyle that i learned on youtube, mine turn out mesy but it wasn't so bad :p

 i fel like i'm dying! my day was so friging hectic! touch fotbal; 3:30-4:45 , tutoring; 5-6 , &amp;socer practice; 6-7:45 , so tired! 

i wish i was at the giants game 

oh my god i have the worst tothache right now. its going down my jaw n neck n up my head! no 

USERNAME not so lucky. the software hangs when the recovery reaches 45% 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME twet something 

rt USERNAME: not lokin god for #duke &lt;- 

rt i dnt slep like im dead USERNAME: i wish USERNAME didn't slep like he was dead, cause i can't slep &amp; wana talk to him 

not cheating or leavin, jus neded some time to do some breathing 

the rain.. sky's know what's my felings today 

why do my insides always hurt the last couple months , ouch.  $&amp;@&quot;;!' doctors suck for not being able to figure me out, ever!

#thongthursday is gona be over son  USERNAME

when i first sen this movie i cried like ah biq ol baby  #dontjudqeme

USERNAME only 5?  wel heres a late one- hapy birthday! 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME aw man 

USERNAME i'l be jumping while wearing some dres shoes. lmfao. i might end up landing in a wrong way. 

rt USERNAME: okay this anorexia thing is scaring me :| i didn't realised some 9 year olds starve themselves. 

god (y) rt USERNAME: ujian acounting.hiks.dan belum smpe kuliahan 

a midge had to bite me on the one part of my shoulder that i can't reach...itching like hel! 

USERNAME blocked you ¬¬ &amp;  please. okay of someone else then?

USERNAME haha yea sory about that! wrong person! 

USERNAME i realy dislike this client, i think. sent that wrong twet lol. im god thanks, and to oficialy ask.. how are you? :p

USERNAME i can't sing! 

USERNAME :p

if only you cared at al 

pancakes with strawberies and ice cream. lovely. :p

USERNAME lol its ok, most people wont agre. 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME crying on stage during favorite girl last night in melbourne  URL

hopes USERNAME has a god day in work (again) without me  x

USERNAME haha, msn, haven't ben on that in donkeys years! :p

so my ex USERNAME think she's a bad one!!! lolol #softy :p

wana go back to schol just to se. USERNAME , i mis her duck as 

#thatswhatshesaid? you god though? rt USERNAME: choking when no one is around - scary 

USERNAME thanks!!  we're already working on the 1,50 now  :p

got a cold  jus what i ned for thurs :'( does wonders for the voice!!

pace rt USERNAME: sy sakit   rt USERNAME: bisalah sebentar bagaimana USERNAME ? rt USERNAME: there are chaos in my mind. help me

USERNAME i've just ben told i have a temperature and it isn't cold at al. 

the international silsila album... :p :p :p URL (via USERNAME)

can't study in hunger  so i should go down to buy snacks up right he 

yay! 2 more stops. :p

USERNAME don't mes with me no more  hope she had fun at er event tho

ned someone to cudle with asap 

adobe photoshop cs4 wont instal. when i go to instal it says &quot;eror instaling adobe photoshop 64-bit&quot; 

i mis talking to my boy on the phone 

USERNAME i realy wana go. thought i would be working there selin' pies but got given a diferent shift and now it's al sold out 

USERNAME lucky you  i'm going out with my friend haven't sen her in 3 days which is a lot for us :$ i have a 3 hour tutor next  x

7 things i hate about you: nada 

USERNAME  yeah, that situation always sucks 

USERNAME tehe shiokshiok! can't wait for my macspciy! :p

rt USERNAME: #ithurtswhen you wake up in the morning, and it's monday. 

USERNAME why?  &lt;3

USERNAME i'm stil sad... i think i lost it in the stret. 

USERNAME lmao, my sister says its like my anthem. :p

USERNAME ur realy deleting  i wil mis u i loved ur twets &amp; take care

antibiotic  plus an exam not god

USERNAME whats up? 

#realization i hate endings, of everything 

i actualy hate this fecking place   #newjobsonmethinks

USERNAME i am just there because of per presure  i am so weak.

USERNAME yay thank you!  and did you go to the tour on the 23rd? i think i sen your name on the wal! :p

my tumy stil hurts 

but i'm not gon se USERNAME 

USERNAME aw stil porly? 

USERNAME thanks babe  haha! it's beter than seing me in black &amp; remember what aunty sug said about wearing black :/

USERNAME haha :p i didn't go to his concert @ belgium .. i had exams. -.- schol ruins every fucking thing. hope he's comin' back son.

USERNAME i folowed u i listed u bt u didnt folow back im gona hit the unfolow butan if u dont folow me :p

USERNAME  why must you remind us!?

USERNAME USERNAME come on now , dont unfolow he has his birth certificate now :p #obamajoke

slep is god..mising dublin match today sadly  but party should be awesome anyways so meh 

por ginger ben home alone for hours 

paranoia wil destroy ya! #badhigh 

rt USERNAME: #uknowlifehardwhen you realize you in this al alone and you have no one 

USERNAME it can't be that great if you cut it yourself... ash... your por hair. i'm sory you got a bad haircut... 

memorial park is he best !! ah so col but my legs hurt from walking 

again with insomnia... 

this pain *huf*  my brain

USERNAME it doesnt mater any more they just got sold 

having the lousiest day today...  maybe i should just go back to slep!

personaly i think you like hary poter's movies, don't you think? USERNAME. then be my god friend  :p

USERNAME proly can't se seatbelt cause they go under our belies :p

is very very much slepy. 

USERNAME lmao maybe... i haven't sen for a while :o ... 

rt USERNAME: USERNAME lol i just have them moments smh dont mind me :p

rt USERNAME: mondays: :'( tuesdays: :\ wednesdays :| thursdays:  fridays:  saturday  sunday:  #twkd

USERNAME nope. never was. i just wanted to know the truth. i have to go to bed now :p night

ugh dis fuckin day jus neds 2 be ova, i cant take dis shyt nemore im fina lose it at wrk 

USERNAME no more fre now 

USERNAME hm leme talk to my mom lol im not sure what she'l say tho :p

USERNAME  can fuck of, and not in a nice way :p #fridaytwiz

rt USERNAME: one of my fave shows!  rt USERNAME: demi lovato quiting sony with a chance URL

rt USERNAME: wa shiok. i screwed up every paper i got back so far 

USERNAME i thought you had an idea :p sory 

tomorow test of physics :s help! i dont understand 

i like how almost everything that is trending right now is related to the royal weding :p haha loks like its hard not to jump in

im hot !  im taking it al of!

it's friday! auto corect failed me 

USERNAME i ned more holidays 

i wish i was going to prom this year 

USERNAME u speak grek?:o i have to go now  stupid schol ( ily!!! &lt;3

USERNAME because i wana make one but i'm to lazy and i don't no how 

rt USERNAME: #iwish there was a vitamin water vending machine smewhere here in jkt! 

i won the megamilions drawing!!!!  wel 2 dolars of it.   #fail

USERNAME yeah, then another couple months for part 2. 

rotfafshtidmbaniptfo- roling on the flor and faling so hard that i drop my burito and now im pised the freak of... :p

USERNAME haha so you talk to the mon instead of me 

USERNAME im underage  lol i realy wish i was going

USERNAME lol may i ask wat yiur doing :p

USERNAME you make me cry ver n over again knowing i met you last night!!! i mised the chance to met you 2 times today! 

:p low :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME ah ful!..me encantan!!(:

wats up people??? wats new today?? :p

USERNAME you are a thursday child  like rebe :3

rt USERNAME: i have a feling justins on the verge of breaking down 

someone text me 

USERNAME  no. i ned you.

i wish i had tickets to USERNAME .. performing in melb in 8 days and i mis out!!! 

ah.!!!!!!! i ned my phone now.! i culd realy cry over my baby shadow ( my phone ) 

#confesion i realy mis my hodrat!!! 

USERNAME USERNAME i don't know, this weather is so depresing 

god evening ^^ eat tayu ulit :p

um how i'm not ready for my ap tests !  #scaredtwet

USERNAME mentality to weak 

URL   USERNAME

USERNAME no  she said she isn't because she fels that the u.s is lacking love for her  not me!

change the chanel on the tv ol fashionrt USERNAME: my tv is not on ch. 3....&amp; i can't find my tv remote....wtf do i do!?!!? help me... 

i'm not feling wel  #teamfolowback

people go ful out to get atention from USERNAME even if i tried i wouldn't with my luck! :p

benchmarks in a few!  no

USERNAME because you first said &quot;maybe&quot;, then you said &quot;dont take it wrong&quot; 

USERNAME to right :p you ben up to much today?? 

USERNAME so sory to hear that... i'l be thinking about you and your family. 

i dont fel god!! #sorethroat 

USERNAME was woried about you guys.   totaly agre though.

rt USERNAME: stages of a relationship =   :p ;) &lt;3 ;p xd :| :/ :s  :'( &lt;/3 #damnitstrue

my uchiwa is so empty 

USERNAME haha,.kta gd nga 2 paso kan ,wring info kme USERNAME thanks sa corection :p

so excited for camp but today i'm sick 

i'm so lonely 

someone help 

USERNAME USERNAME ich auch 

USERNAME ohnoes i'm so sory b 

USERNAME banana is you not me :p you got credit? i text you la.

USERNAME love the picture and im scotish :p

USERNAME  thx

USERNAME make me jealous 

wow. i seriously have #nolife if un-folowed about 10 people who didn't folow me back o.o haha :p oh wel ) #nolifer ;]

may is weird in arabic :p mayo ! lol !

USERNAME a freaking blast!(: sike  me to :/

cold war as in ngediemin  rt USERNAME: realy? a scorpio doesnt realy like war thou “USERNAME) URL

ugh , USERNAME  is being a . . . . 

wow. i just got a crazy headache out of nowhere. 

geze car maintenance costs a lot  (@ mr. lube) URL

i'm so sory jaz ! it was so cold today i didn't go anywhere !  rt USERNAME: mad at USERNAME   she knows why !!!!

ok i gota catch the train at like 6 in the morning  #backtoreality 

USERNAME nor did i ;) ...omg. taylor. i fel like everyone hates me  

rt USERNAME: yay! td i'm so hapy cus i met u! / hm.. my frogy ruk krai gun na *thinking* :p

no vows? no kis? that's what we've ben waiting for.. 

watching no strings atached 201  URL  n btw is without polish dubing  USERNAME :p

my throat is realy hurting 

anybody know when #trueblod  series 3 starts in uk???? i cant live with out  x

USERNAME believe you have a large amount of music on your ipod? hehe think again, lok what web site  i havelocated :p twetfrebies.com

rt USERNAME: USERNAME what about south american dates? we're dying here 

USERNAME hahahah sory bud  ps i have a story for you. about tenis. it sucked. new coach, new rules. 

USERNAME i mised it   i was partying downtown 

meratap  rt USERNAME: ƗɑƗɑƗɑ what are u doing?? rt tamitairen: ia anyeong jg nyong .. ) rt (cont) URL

please if you ever ever fel like you're nothing you're fucking perfect, to me 

for who this twet huh? *i''l smack ur head if its for me,lol rt: USERNAME: u babo unie :p

is so bored urgh 

it makes me sad..i've hit my twiter folow limit, but there are so many other col #librarians out there to folow 

USERNAME lmao !! yu noe i aint done wif yu yet :p :p

USERNAME 

gona mis u USERNAME hiks  have a safe flight and great trip,titip doa plus oleh2 tentunya hiw,take care pacarku :*

fuck,..bruised! 

ha, atur sdh :p ckck rt USERNAME: epen to... rt USERNAME: epen epenrt USERNAME: seh.. diam*!!! :p rt USERNAME: syarif rise

USERNAME yeah. hahahahah. oh god. they're hideous :p

USERNAME that is awesome! i live in the wrong schol district. 

relaxing until i have to go babysit. boy i wish i could be at the beach right now. :p

USERNAME having a few isues geting the fre next day delivery today - won't let me ad royal as a promo code 

USERNAME ! tw el nas e5t nouf :p , at grandma's , you wont gues whos the latest person ely enqlb b3d w ra7 fl shlah :o

USERNAME that's what i had to get. i hope it doesn't hurt when i have kids  my curve was realy bad so they couldn't wait i gues

USERNAME wish you could stay around for longer 

USERNAME i lost al hopes . u'l never care about me. i'l never be ur friend  14

damn i wana go to #vidcon201 but i can't cause i live in holand 

season changes make me sick...literaly 

my left arm cains from my vacination! #pleasehelp 

USERNAME ugh -- my fear as wel... 

where'd you go? i mis you so, sems like its ben forever, that you've ben gone(8) 

USERNAME so lucky i wish that he said that to me just once t.t wel i don't know what to do... i'm realy stupid :p sory

pgn bli cros &amp; change, keany blom puas gw bli lucifer :p

rt USERNAME: mampus! wkwkrt USERNAME: tega..  rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: badan ... URL

wawawewah!!! URL USERNAME loke!!! love it!!! :p

USERNAME me to! i never realy cry but that had me bawling 

rt USERNAME: justin's concert wil begin about an hour again....huhu god luck biebs! but i can't watch it  USERNAME

USERNAME neither do i 

USERNAME  let's do something fun to hopefuly make you fel beter

rt USERNAME: USERNAME abigailkom met me me  *pupyeyes* /okeoke. -.-

so devo not going to justin bieber concert 

USERNAME :p

sabtu? rt USERNAME: tomorow wil be my last day at sutomo 

USERNAME  te extraño 

lol it's non here gmt+7 rt: USERNAME everyone please kep me awake tonight  i can't mis another meting.

can't slep lately, #insomnia mus be kickin n 

holy shit pope so waste on one in the halway 

#fatwet / #pregotwet &quot;USERNAME: im hungry again  omg &quot;

USERNAME hehe sest=sale el sol tour!just wanted to save leters :p

USERNAME knows what? i'm confused. 

totaly! :-d hahaha rt USERNAME: USERNAME simply we have the same thinking :p hahaha!

USERNAME wow that is a short break 

USERNAME please can tel you say hi to my mum val she is watching the cube and she isn't very wel 

USERNAME can you folow me back? just it. just it 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME you win   this is why i kep gbit servers around

USERNAME psh..shes lying to you. :p

USERNAME my unbranded optimus 7 hasn't got it yet  i like your sd description 

USERNAME omg hary just got confirmed as 1st guest for that convention i'm going to!!   wish u could come with me tho  x

USERNAME ha that blows  i've got a funy story for you though!

USERNAME your phone doesn't rate you pele :p

nigas always got fuckn excuses, ima start having excuses 4 y i can't give his as head or sum pusy, i swear, hate mofo wit excuses 

i dont want break to be over 

why is twiter so dead ?  xox

:p URL girls smoth skined girls tenies

USERNAME yeah i'm fine, it's just stinging..which i don't mind. :p

agh! this is driving me mental! i just want to listen to USERNAME podcasts 

USERNAME at the moment wkc2 and fv but it's mostly because of the forum reactions :p

USERNAME so you don't have as?!  *disapointed* you would've had the whole package to. -walks away with head down-

i knew the nyc weather was going to make me sick. my throat is so sore 

studying.... ah i just want to be in the gym 

wish i had my mitens. 

no bueno.. no schol tomorow if i stil fel this way 

USERNAME i mis you!! the worst part? i'm in gurne right now. and we can't even hang. 

USERNAME ñ  e vc?

r.i.p jade gody   x

rt USERNAME: . . i mised nicki video 

USERNAME but i cant decide!  thts why im being fair! 

rt USERNAME: godnight twiter world....           swet dreams love love love and  dftsyp  don't forget to say your prayers

USERNAME had a night in downtown! the premier club - dirty.. wil tel laters about it. zighy canceled until sept 

USERNAME alolo, such a god girl :p hahah ! and she's awake dah. i told her to text you dy (:

USERNAME yeahyeah. once again i #failed :p hai

USERNAME omg seriously  thats sad

USERNAME i'l be home son!  we should met up. i mis u guys 

strugling uploading videos that i tok with my phone...can't get it to come out how i want 

dats a shrt form of great! ur jst wayward! rt USERNAME: nd he fires again!! &quot;grat&quot;..oh guy hw far u naw..lol :p rt USERNAME: ...

muhahaha! rt USERNAME: no! fck uber! a nigi cnt cancel a twet 

USERNAME know of any god locations to open one up? :p

USERNAME sure,i'l send her a dm tomorow asking her to folow you! i sent her to many today.. i fel like im anoying her 

wow,everyone &amp; they're mama is at the USERNAME comedy show tonight...damit,i'm hela mising out! 

USERNAME your going to ned my help?! i think im going to ned yours more 

USERNAME jesica, rt my last twet please? for a masive 1d fan that lost the fight for her life on saturday morning 

:o dad brought me corn flakes, i put in the cabinet this morning and someone tok it :/i'm hungry 

i can't stop smiling because you won't stop runing in and out of my mind :p

of to work i go... 

USERNAME USERNAME lol i had beter things to do than rant on twiter where everyone talks and none listens :p

USERNAME shaklech mtmalela? :p

USERNAME sory!  wil try to post later. i'm using the hotel wifi now, but it doesn't lok promising...)

USERNAME realy? i didn't get anything. 

USERNAME they don't link at al :p but i was next to my friend and she was shiting herself, me and my friend jack were just laughing xd

USERNAME but it was stil cute :p

on the way to schol... just had a litle panic atack cause i thought i forgot my french notes for my gcse exam :p

USERNAME i ser was in tears during ur therapy when u kept saying &quot;i never mater, i never mater..&quot;  stay strong cuz u are strong xo

left eye twitching like shit 

USERNAME ima studying right now 

ah!! i have 2 lit tests, 1 sci test &amp; eng test next wek!!!  probably a math quiz &amp; chinese test to!!!! 

can only imagine the maron 5 concert that is hapening right now in jakarta 

gudafternon  :p

i'm in some serious pain right now...i ned someone to rub my back until i fal aslep 

i want to se fast five 

mam just caled me an earwiger? wth :l its not my fault you talk loudly :p

hm, hope no one's confused :p

rt USERNAME: USERNAME i like to use safari sometimes on my laptop it makes me fel like i have a macbok 

just buried my great grandmas ashes with nan 

siting at my studio computer but can't lay anything down!! i hate forcing it 

USERNAME i'm stil waiting for my helo 

saindo do twiter, adios, URL :p

USERNAME i'l try to! i'm at drivers ed  have fun!

USERNAME nothing i don't think lol :p

USERNAME disapoint.  amy is a ginger. get it right

rt USERNAME: i hope today goes fast. so tired 

USERNAME please notice me ;  i wont give up ♥ #neversaynever, right?♥

USERNAME ke alex kah ikam? i'm realy mis everythings about egypt 

#cantswalow 

realy hate my body 

USERNAME i bliv friends like USERNAME et al are the kind who make majority of men to #leavebeyondtheirmeans lol!next car - x6 

USERNAME im a beast!! :p

USERNAME serious, sian 

USERNAME me to! life sucks without her  -erick

USERNAME go get the best cuban sandwich you wil ever eat :p or realy god mexican, japanese, etc

oh every time i sign in USERNAME sign out  i'm not that lucky these days n its realy hard to get a twet/folow back from him !!

i know who you like !! :p

USERNAME morning! (just) we've run around al morning geting ready for my folks arival to hear mum's stuck just outside bristol 

USERNAME a quien?? 

USERNAME haha wot!! :p

USERNAME i am caught up... lol. i just thought it was funy.... i gues not. 

omg frinign waste my time. with thre hours i can finish my homework 

ive ruined the song falseto completely as its my ringtone  i ned to stop ruining my favorite songs.

USERNAME yeah its a litle chily :/ .. but i have no time to chnage :p

USERNAME but my rents said, they'l pick me up at 9pm nalang. huhuh. no yumy fods for me tonight  oh wel, atleast i'm with you 

USERNAME.  its going ok.  would be a lot beter in bed with a nice girl to cudle with.  

i fel so badly again.. 

me and loza are so fat popcorn, chocolate,pringles and haribos plus like four energy drink oh and cheryade :p

USERNAME USERNAME leave me alone  lol i was dying of starvation !! 

USERNAME thankyou :p

finaly got my phone back.i forgot it at home smh 

oh no! this sprue is just geting larger...  , but no wory haha 

i aint got no one but myself 

USERNAME USERNAME that's the truth :p

ad me on fb guys. shawty_901023USERNAME.com #beliebersfamily :p lol

USERNAME i loved mine. but, it broke.  one day i'l get another though~ ned a jorb first.... &lt;_&lt;

o show me show me show me ! :p

USERNAME polish fans are with you  ..... justin tel us !! what hapens?remember fans love you &lt;3

you beter!!  rt USERNAME: USERNAME i love u to n mis u but something came up but i'l be out there son

it's not dificult to govern, al you gota do is not ofend noble families 

lol USERNAME: it's the final countdown! *cue elaborate rocky-like music* ten x4... ten x5!! 2 days 2 go!! :p USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME

wtf im 0-3 in ber pong tonite 

so do yal mis me :-d rt USERNAME: rt USERNAME: USERNAME aty i'm in bed* wyd  «in bed watching this weird as movie..

i wana warm up this piza but to lazy to go dwn stairs 

USERNAME you definitely didn't cal me!!!! 

USERNAME oh shit!!!!  that's terible 

dzikir together but im not joint us 

USERNAME yeah..  thanks laura &lt;3

USERNAME hahaha yeah . you'd get arested :p

USERNAME your twiter is atlast working fine i gues :p

USERNAME oh! i thought we were stil talking about mw. :p meh, it doesn't hurt that much. :p

barely home from work grabindiner then paper time. 

jgn dong mami  rt USERNAME: if i died tomorow what one thing would you want me to know?

USERNAME USERNAME i don't wana sit on my own   i get scared haha

USERNAME que pena 

USERNAME 2moz sun mom n tuesday!!! i'l be dead by wednesday !!!!  x

sory twiter 

rtUSERNAME: i mis that moment when we shared the same display name 

USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME USERNAME helo girls, sory naghahang pagrendering ng ob natin 

USERNAME ok! :p whachu doing now?  hahahahaha i am stil laughing about what u did to ur headset xd imfao xd

ah, i realy don't fel wel 

USERNAME lol the beach sounds god but i have no one to go with me, and it's no fun going alone :p

USERNAME litle to not over you...sobrang ganda nun tsaka yung touch my hand :p

why sad? marini sad whole world sad   rt USERNAME: i am sad i am sad. ok, enough being sad.

its so cold at the train station 

i realy hurt my kne  

USERNAME i just left cvs..they were out to 

ahahahah :p rt USERNAME:  dela jahad deh rt USERNAME: jgn ks clara !!! pnjahat dy :p rt USERNAME: ... URL

USERNAME  hero! :p

USERNAME i'm just trying to develop an open, honest relationship okay... 

USERNAME would do but i'm nervous about leaving the house and coming home in the dark atm  sory

aw i don't wana come home   

“USERNAME: USERNAME lame. i ned new drake in my life.” um. youre teling me!!! 

USERNAME i know. ): and i'm only playing sims.. this is when there should be much going on? is there? no.  #fml

not ah :p #teamblaze

USERNAME haha if i do i wil lok dirty filipino 

please d ! j'veut savoir :p ! entre beliebers  (USERNAME live on URL)

just instaled windows 7 and visual studio 2010 again on my imac. the weather isn't that promising so programing is inevitable .. 

USERNAME lmao i didnt know you were folowing m,e ? :p

la grande dame! r.i.p elizabeth tayler  rt USERNAME elizabeth taylor rip

its almost time to say bye to my truck 

USERNAME naw, j/k it was a pregnancy test, i believe mariah might be pregnant. :p

USERNAME i think it is :'( my marks were prety bad... around 80-85% acros my subjects and everyone i know gets 90s!! 

USERNAME you gona be okay? oh, i thought johnson had said something about tomorow to, gues not. 

USERNAME  yes we are, i had to come here to visit my aunt , but we are gon partay !!!!!!!

rt USERNAME: i wish USERNAME 's crew was more like USERNAME 's crew 

USERNAME hey guys how are you? how is john today?  i mis you guys  havent sen you since last wek :o haha  loveyou x reply

USERNAME sharika was showing me pictures of penises  lol

#hysgetwelson  so sad to tel you that .. saengi  hurts x[

&quot;USERNAME: beyond angry right now. beyond angry&quot; «  wasup?!

rt USERNAME: i'm so fucking sad! so depresed, so stresed. damn!  :c :&lt; :[ :{

USERNAME he's doing great thank you!! hows your man?! seriously, canot wait for sumer!! we have to have some epic nights for sure :p

i realy wish i hadn't ben woken up this morning 

i ned a new #serato sl1 or sl3 soundcard for my soundsystem 

ok heres my #twitercrush list. 1, USERNAME number 2, oh shit nepa has taken light i cant find ma keyboard 

nice radox buble bath literaly never stoped since 10am 

lovely walk to devils dyke and now on our way home 

USERNAME oh no  i'm so sory.  how long have you had symptoms?

USERNAME erm.. a god way of saying &quot;not bothering to revise&quot;? :p x

i wonder what it fels like to be folowed by USERNAME.  maybe one day i'l know? #neversaynever 3

my earphones are broke 

USERNAME ah~ i wana drink w/you baby :p

scratch that why must i have fat cheks 

some people are on this train for 10 hours.. i'd die if i was on for that long :p - b

i know  rt USERNAME: USERNAME. didn't go wel 

back from holiday - but a bit pink around the edges. 

damn this train is filed with awkward turtles!!!! and its cold 

 fine ya celya.. :p rt USERNAME: o that's secret :p rt USERNAME USERNAME,USERNAME,USERNAME (cont) URL

the field-ops is hard! i cant even think where to go before it makes me lose :p

USERNAME but you can se why i want to move out and change schols eh :p no one's realy nice over here

USERNAME wel it's not cuz ur failing cuz ur doing ten times beter than me :p it's probably just regards on she's our new teacher

sudenly, i mis rama daren zaki mai and siti 

diner with new friend, who is actualy moving  but tonight we get to spend some time with her  @ olive garden URL

rt USERNAME: damn revolutions! acording to gadafi, he was planing for a new constitution, political reforms and a democracy! we interupted him 

USERNAME tears, what hapened to him 

are u on holidays?? :p  — nope :/ URL

USERNAME yes, she is in a coma or something, and she hopes to met chang min before she.... 

USERNAME oh yeah i'l have to haras you sometime via msn to do unit 2 stuf 

URL slender health beauty what is the meaning of this poem? :p

rt USERNAME: the show is over and the jonas never told us what the big anouncement was about! 

USERNAME omg that's crazy!! yeah that sounds awesome! only thing is i dont have an id  anywhere i could get in without one?

USERNAME what hapened to no spoilers? don't make me put you on my &quot;watch list&quot;. :p

USERNAME USERNAME sory dude i'm just sad... don't get it yet 

i canot decide on the style of my weding cake. how?? 

my fet are cold  #teamfolowback

i know the feling rt USERNAME okay i'm here :p couldn't stay away from twiter!

i am not impresed that my huby USERNAME is being folowed by USERNAME i'm the one who watches this morning for the silver fox.  

u wana give it to me lol rt USERNAME str8 don't want this popeyes 

cant believe #playstation3 is stil down! i cant play #mw2  but atleast i have black ops on xbox 360

arg so much  “USERNAME: envy her  :'(”

USERNAME not me  i wish i could! ''/ if you tweted me i would go crazy.

USERNAME i ned someone to give me a dadline. :p

USERNAME that's so funy :') por joseph, he loks like he's so wasted :p hahah

USERNAME n USERNAME  u know u want 2 rape my folow buton so go ahead n click it :p please love u boys lots x #twfanmily #twfan

USERNAME haha wud nicky be okay with it tho? i'l only do it if he promises westlife won't take out a restraining order on us :p  lol

USERNAME  u were late last ngt as wel. nyways. .hv a swet day!!! :-d:-d

USERNAME lol yep. i was caling you yesterday, at 3pm you ain't answering my cal.   i wana watch the romate with you &amp; USERNAME 

USERNAME jiji say to your master dont watch to much, his eyes wil get tired and so do him  dont smoke n drink to much huby:'(

sorting though piles and piles of cds. i forgot to label them. 

USERNAME make my 1:1 wish come true and notice me? damn i just told you it, it wont come true now 

tonight has a close run for the worst night ever.  no joke :/

USERNAME ah dang! a new patch and im grounded  what new services make for fun adventures?

USERNAME &amp; USERNAME don't be busting my dancing on the couch moves!!! ima have to charge you for my trademarks :p

ok no. the photoshots at 2pm. byebye shoping 

i ned to save money for warped and other things. 

my eye is iritated 

USERNAME aw you won't be on twiter tomorow then  we al mis you swetie

USERNAME bye pcer  ima get ya sumthin shawtay , n u know we meowin when i get back ... lol kep jeses drivin in place for me chaha #dead

“USERNAME: not even feling socer tryouts next wek” or rugby 

no schol  have to work on a ptoject 

USERNAME x_x oh god!  salamtak m! listen try resting and drink plenty of water and warm fluids ok?! talk about crapy timing huh?!

USERNAME ergh nah i'm not esp ginger ones :p

what a boring night!   #fail

i've ben up since 3am last night. so tired 

not feling wel 

my triceps hurt so much.. i canot fuly bend or fuly extend my arms 

 rt USERNAME 'serpico' director sidney lumet dies at 86 - nytimes.com URL

hahahaha god morning to you to :p rt USERNAME: USERNAME its a lie! god morning abisola afolabi

how much do you think this weding cost :p

USERNAME USERNAME nope, i seldom use com to open twiter. i'l check it out now :p

